Will not be free of Old Flat for another 10 days. Now find its empty shell q dispiriting.
I stumbled on the little steps of New Flat like a Dr Who companion. Ankle now has twinges like a bad tooth.
Who wouldn't want to live here? Dolphins.Warplanes. Brass bands. It's like a UKIP theme park .
And recruitment is a crisis up here,eh?
I can't use a moving day to clean at old flat, despite having only 2 classes today. But I can cover Drama. But not teach it. #Macheath
Rather than post dozens of photos on Facebook,  why not use Tumblr?
I want to hear Maria Mackee's cover of  I Can't Make It Alone.
Stay Loose, Belle &amp; Sebastian 2003-ish is my (old ) new favourite song.
Assembled Argos shoe rack in under half an hour. Want to wear a singlet,  spit &amp; slap sissy boys around.
The back yard, the back stairs &amp; the gas cooker in this flat all remind me of holidays in Girvan, when I was wee. Impression's v powerful .
Neighbours said smoke alarm was going all day! Will have to contact letting agent.Just want rid of it now.Case closed.Chapter over , etc.
1st day back - snappish w the more lairy S2s. Then round to old flat for an hour of more cleaning.
Okay; when heedrum hodrum music gets a bit more Country (Nova Scotian ), my Lanarkshire blood responds.
I think this Scottish folk show is on Radio Scotland...
This is the most Sundayish Sunday I can remember for ages. Being in a new flat,  it really feels like a holiday ending.
Radio Fiddle Music makes me think of the Slab Boys "Staffie", Gala Pie and rickets.
I love being Scottish but this fiddle music signals hard seats, cold rooms, sugary tea , diptheria &amp; unemployment.
4) "Whyy -yuld Mount - tayyyyn Ty - ummm ".
3) -all I can get on the radio is fiddle music &amp; a boy doing Wild Mountain Thyme a la Van Morrison via the Proclaimers. Thrib sounds.
2)  Shortbread,  woollen mills, tearooms, the Sunday Post - all thrib...
My friend Moller invented the word "thrib": Edinburgh at its most parsimonious &amp; Calvinist-
Came round to start cleaning old flat: alarm going off -maybe all night? Now listening to hail on the skylight.
Thought there might be a 2nd copy of Young Americans in the Elgin muso shop. Thought wrong . Plenty of Paramore, though.
I would love to hear Lulu's cover of Bowie's Can You Hear Me. In fact, she should just cover all of Young Americans.
