Down to the last 1300 L of fuel and no delivery is due haha
It sucks not having a key to the till
Keep forgetting I'm trying to make a coffee. Third time boiling the kettle now.
Hard to remember a time I was more raging after a football match than the Spartans fiasco.
I mean we were SHITE at the start of the season
Ah well, safe to say our play-off hopes are over. Okay first season from King Bazza, definite improvevment of late as well.
Duffy's 20 hahahaha
Fucking raging that I'm O+. What a shit blood group.
Willie Rennie has the face and hair of someone who spends his entire wage on cycling gear.
Got a fair bit of this biodiversity report done tonight. Quite pleased.
So proud of Finlay overcoming the diabeetus to turn one million years old today.
Nothing beats taking a dump and getting paid for it
Granada will score 8
Just sold mayfair to Freddie Mercury
Folk really don't make it hard for Sturgeon to look good when they pull shit like this
I hate real data, textbook stuff is far easier to work with.
Farage is like a racist, posh George Galloway. Got to laugh any time he opens his mouth.
No doubt I'll just skip studying though, have dinner at like 11 and then go to bed hating myself after more youtube #studentlife
First draft of essay complete, time for dinner and then studying animal water balance #whatanight
Inspection went well. Assuming that's the last one. V happy.
When Artax dies in The Neverending Story it is the single saddest moment in cinema history
Good on ye Fletcher!
Gibraltar are no mugs.
3 points for Super Bazza's gypsy army today. Deeeece.
That is an outstanding result for Wales. Be good if they get to the Euros! #ISRvWAL
Wrestlemania tomorrow
Apple and kiwi Relentless on the other hand is quite nice
Rustlers burgers are made of fuckin 100% dug meat
It'll be hilarious when they come up against a top team and get found out
Rooney's maybe getting a bit carried away. They've done well since the world cup but I don't think they've been "frightening"
Night shift 3 of 3 tonight. COME ON!
Being laughably short and growing up around Denny, I wasn't able to use a swing until I was 12 years old.
Don't think I've ever seen the swings in the park behind the flat wrapped so that kids can't reach them.
Think I'm going to make a cheese toastie
"Our weed killer is so safe that it is perfectly drinkable"
"Fancy a glass?"
"Err no, better not"

Got to love Monsanto.
In Flames - Bullet Ride: https://t.co/WGOyb6Ldl9 outstanding!
Edinburgh Uni study indicates that overall Scots voted for independence. Interesting...
I've seen spheres with more of a point that midweek nightshifts #GhostTown
Pretty quiet so I watched the Nostalgia Critic review of Neverending Story 3. What the fuck did they do?!
Why are you standing complaining about the smell when you could just pay and leave?
Does the shop smell really badly of cleaning products aye? Maybe cause its just been cleaned?
Totally forgot memories of Murder had that guy that just assaulted everyone mid-interogation hahaha
Wish I had Bill O'Reilly's job. He just sits there and gets angry at things he doesn't understand. That's basically me studying.
Clayman makes nightshifts less terrible
When (somehow) respected UK grime artists aim songs at you and your pal HAHAHA so childish grow up #aimed
