Cover is far from done and needs an epic proof read but banged this out in 4 and a half days :) http://t.co/pqmLEGK1yh
If I can sort out believing in myself, helping others no matter what and being in control more i.e. in terms of money I am sorted
Another session and another step on my journey. Self-confidence, selflessness, empathy and self-confidence positive! Saying yes to more
A week and a half until I see Age of Ultron. Excitement doesn't even describe what I am feeling about it
Civil War is the result of Chris Evans being DRUNK AS FUCK #AOU #AvengersPremiere
Focusing on self-motivation and self-confidence this week. Always struggled with the latter
HOLY FUCK GLITTERBUG IS AN AMAZING ALBUM. LOVE WOMBATS :)
Wish I'd never started doing the peace sign in all my photos. Dammit
Making music :) http://t.co/o4eVSB7tpl
Sometimes I wish my parents had gotten me to play the piano when I was 5. Beautiful music
This advert https://t.co/Ya1urrq1pI
That was impressive. Well done Speith! Masters champion 2015.Enjoy your $1.8m pay packet at the age of 20.
I hate that I finally lost someone I really care about. If I could have done everything starting now it would've been so much better
Can't wait till I can purchase a Wii U. Desperate to play all the old Zelda games
That Woods-Mcilroy advert is fucking amazing. Goosebumps
What is Zamora all about?
Should prob wear these more often. Blind bastard http://t.co/RkW28jOeer
I feel like I didn't take advantage of when I turned 22 by singing the Taylor Swift song of the same name. Dammit
Kim Sears dress was awesome and Andy Murray looked cool in his Kilt. Nice to see them finally marry!
Wow talk about being mega nostalgic. Flashback central here
You know you have a great friend when you can be open to them about anything and they will do anything they can to help
I may be small but the fact I am taller than Santi Cazorla and Alexis Sanchez makes me happy
Question - why isn't there more diversity in the officials in sport? I feel like targetting sport as a method of equality would be good
This but. Classy club! https://t.co/XAQ27PuuXk
Apparently Innis and Gunn do a beer that tastes like chocolate and one finished with toffee vanilla. Oh my fucking god. Geez it
It's not a good song if you don't do air drums to it
Painful to think that if Arsenal had this form in first half of season they would probably win the title. Still possible but unlikely #BPL
Wish this tension in my shoulder/neck would fuck off
Started using LOL again to counter Ross's adamant use of YOLO. Both are ridiculous
If you were to look at my bookmark bar on chrome you would think I am the most diverse person ever.
It was a great night but I don't see why some people find that kind of behavior acceptable. I mean what seriously goes through their head?
I'm not a fan of going out these days. Seen a lot of awful things last night. Me, Ross and Lewis had to intervene more than once
That dreadful defending by O'Shea is giving me hope we can go to Ireland and beat them in June
To those who are in my life I'd say thanks and I don't know what I'd do without you. All great people :)
So now it's time to drive on, repair the damage I've caused and fix my problems. I'll never falter again and I'll try be the best I can
It's important to feel like you are a great person and it's important to surround yourself with those who genuinely care about you
It's nice to feel free, lighter, happier and loved. My morals have returned along with my empathy. My ambition and optimism stronger
It took me longer that I'd hoped and there were far too many downfalls but after all this time I feel like I know who I am once more
Arsenal on an eight match win run, 4 points behind Chelsea and playing well. Can just see them getting beat by Reading next week in #FACup
Cannot get this spasm out my shoulder. Stap it.
I am really proud of everyone in my life. Doing so much good in this world and chasing dreams
Could be going to Germany in October to present data then Tokyo next year. Loves a work related trip.
Defo my best purchase for a while. Winning this Saturday http://t.co/4qsgqsFpkp
Why do I find primer design therapeutic? Can't wait to do SDM in a couple of weeks. Exciting!
In my work I try not to think about where everything comes from, e.g. FCS/FBS. I don't want to do in vivo studies when the time comes :(
Therefore I have no interest in the grand national. Poor horses are used, abused and thrown away when they are no longer needed
I don't mind putting money on football but I would never back a horse. I don't believe racing to be a sport, same goes for darts etc.
