The irony is sometimes enough to drive you over the edge!
Some of the things that happen in the world make me ashamed to be associated to the species.
There are and have been some great performances at all professions, but unfortunately some really poor performances as human beings.
The root of all evil is not money!The root of all evil is Greed!
What a glorious day, no excuses not to be productive in this very fine day.
It appears I'm doomed. Your told from early age that if you work hard, you reap the rewards. Sometimes that's just such a load of shi-!!!
Seems like no one is any fun anymore. World of my own it is then!
I need a change of scene,too much stress and issues.God shine down on me and release me from all this.I need a break.
Arsenal pay the price for a shocking 1st game at the emirates. Giroud is not good enough. Walcott not good enough. Jury out on the rest.
Always the same old story!
Come on!!! Great Goal!!!
Everybody is crazy, but to varying degrees.(john Sivill)
Life is short, spend it in positivity as much as you can.
Hey you heard the news? Being different to others and unique is coooool! So live it up everybody!
One of my biggest wishes would be to be in a position where I could use that position to educate and stop the horrific things that happen.
Materials come and go in people's lives but the spirit never dies.
http://t.co/uyiuR7kiKL love it!
Simply the hardest thing in the world to do...heaven on Earth.If people could stop feeding their greed there would be so much more to give.
Another day, two jobs in two different locations, brilliant!
I need to find a new job.a new life also is desirable.maybe America on the horizon,the land of oppertunity.
Ok re-focus. When your not appreciated move on.
Racism has no favourites,it hates because it's easier to oppress then accept the ugliness consumed inside themselves. http://t.co/rrX5qqIG3F
My beautiful daughter at the emirates at Henry's comeback game against Leeds in the FA cup. http://t.co/UDiy2GbBtL
Get in there Arsenal. About time we beat UTD!!!!
John Sivill http://t.co/4NnWRfpmX6
Any acting or extra work available for reliable and determined professional???
Any acting work available you lovely people????
Let down again by my team,big build up as usual, only to be dropped from a towering hight.When are we going to have 2 killer strikers?
The things that are allowed to happen make me ashamed to be human.we are all responsible for doing nothing!I will never accept oppression.
How can anyone close there eyes to the harsh realities of life.Things need changing for the health of future and current generations.
I said it 20 years ago. Peadaphiles operate at the highest level and it's time laws are addressed and severe sentences carried out. When???
The law allows peadaphiles to operate due to light sentences for destroying lives.lawlords can change sentences but have done nothing.why???
Constitutional right? Is it not a right to live without fear of someone ill going on a shooting spree and destroying lives?senseless right?
Love in your heart for the world. Change the wrongs to right for future generations and who knows? Mabe for yourself to.
By tuning into a wealth of life experiences one can re-enact the past and bring it to live in the present, so then is it acting or real life
Where are the opportunities for those who love and have a passion for creativity and connection to the art of acting.
The end of one chapter, a job I was in for ten years, a beginning of another chapter!
Treat people how you would like to be treated, do the opposite and be defeated. J Sivill
Arsenal start with one striker away from home an expect to get a result? The obvious is so blinding sometimes!!!
How many let downs in a season?Man U,Liverpool,Chelsea, Swansea,Stoke,Everton,leichester,hull,spurs! Henry! Clear out time has arrived!!!
A 97th minute Liverpool equaliser, with ten men, how fucking predictable against an arsenal defence. 2 points dropped!!!!
