Me and prent rob where rockin the hermonies the night
I can feel the sun melting my scalp through the bus window.
What a lovely day to be cooped up in Cameron toll
be aware that i say this without fear of ridicule. the new mumford and sons are fuckin banging
lets all stop and take a moment for how glorious "quietly now! liver! lung! fr!" is. coz it is fucking glorious.
Prepare your ovaries fuckers http://t.co/Cp3aMzrRxP
Free is ma album jam of choice atm
It's just like get oot ma fuckin face ya ungrateful wee dick squeezer
Actually infuriates me
See wee arse holes who don't say thank you when you do something for them or when you serve them at work or something
You know what fucks me off more than anything on this shitey planet
like where do you even begin trying to write something like that
I've said it before and ill say a thousand times more. diary of always is a stunning piece of music.
here the foo fighters set for T 2011 was fuckin bangin. tunes fleein aboot left right and centre.
Just sayin tho
That you any possibly say one is better than the other
Also you can't say one musician is better than an other unless there is a clear gap in skill level. But there is so many differences
It angers me a great deal when people say Dave grohl is the greatest "rock" drummer of all time. Because it just is blatantly untrue.
oooioooooojh
Who invited you ? 

The gods of boogie and the angels of sex
You're a rum soaked degenerate
Why do I look like that
Like
Do you ever tan through yer pictures and find hidden gems such as http://t.co/QUqhEWMreI
just saying
steel panther are worse than ebola
#musicianprobz
i have a song thats written on guitar but i want it to be played on the piano not only do i not have a piano but i also can't play the piano
but then contradict what you just tweeted and just jam yer boobies aff tae heart and soul
do you ever listen to some of vivarium. Then some of free. Then realize what a colossal shit heap great divide is.
i mean you totally see Rammstein purely based on the fact of how mental they are
just saying right but bar tokyo drift, the fast and furious movies are fucking gash
playing at the barras
imagine
here
here. @barry_mckenna is a fucking animal on the old geetar.
gonna make yer fucking mind up
How shite are city tho
Check the wee lovely in ma bed http://t.co/77HN3grFFS
https://t.co/Z4QAQo5GOj 

actually aboot tae greet
Prepare yourself son because in the morning you'll be sent to the gallows and you'll be hanged for treason
