The Lord Jesus Christ, by the power of the Holy Spirit, always goes with us wherever we go on the earth if we believe in Him.
The Lord Jesus cares deeply about every person but He is committed to letting us choose and giving us what we choose.
We don't need special signs today because we have the Lord Jesus Christ; He died for our sins, was buried and is alive again today.
The Lord Jesus Christ doesn't ever stop caring for us, day by day He works for good in our lives for His glory.
No problem is too big and no person is too small for the Lord Jesus Christ and His Almighty love and care.
The Lord Jesus Christ always supplies in abundance, He doesn't leave us to do without forever.
The Lord Jesus Christ uses small people with their small ability and works in His Almighty way to produce eternal results for His glory.
The Lord Jesus Christ is the Creator and, as such, knows exactly what is best for us. We do well to listen to Him and obey His word.
If the Lord Jesus Christ calls you just go as you are with what you've got He'll supply everything that you need.
There are many things that seem impossible to us but the Lord Jesus Christ is the master of the impossible.
The Lord Jesus Christ knows and understands every problem we face and has already devised the ideal solution long before the problem arises.
The Lord Jesus Christ is always compassionate and cares for the true needs of all the world.
If you are discontented or embittered you can come to the Lord Jesus Christ, lay your problems on Him and He will give you true peace.
The Lord Jesus Christ only does perfect things you will be amazed day by day as you trust Him and see what He is able to do in your life.
When the Lord Jesus Christ controls a person's life the facts cannot be hidden.
When the Lord Jesus Christ speaks great things happen, eternal destinies are changed and those who believe in Him have everlasting life.
The Lord Jesus Christ came down from heaven to earth, He went back to His home after He rose from the dead and He will take His own away too
The Lord Jesus Christ deals with individuals and through individuals so each person must personally decide whether to believe in Him or not.
The Lord Jesus Christ offers peace and joy to everyone who is struggling with unresolved issues or other problems in life.
When the Lord Jesus Christ works He is unstoppable and He always works in quiet ways to make sure that His promises are kept.
The Lord Jesus Christ always keeps every promise that He makes; in His own time and His own way to the glory of God.
The Lord Jesus Christ will never drive anyone away who comes to Him in faith.
The Lord Jesus Christ always has sufficient grace for every person who comes to Him, confessing sin and repenting.
There are no insiders and outsiders when it comes to believing in the Lord Jesus Christ anyone can confess his sin, repent and be saved.
No problem is too hard or too big for the Lord Jesus Christ, He is always sufficient and gives us everlasting life as well.
The Lord Jesus Christ will calm our minds and give us peace in our hearts if trust Him completely and keep thanking Him for His love.
Everyone can tell when a person believes in the Lord Jesus Christ and spends his time thanking the Saviour for all the good things He did.
The Lord Jesus Christ is not complicit in any sin in history but He did give His life to save us from all our sin.
No one ever does anything really bad unless he thinks about it first but if you think about the Lord Jesus Christ you will do good things.
We are what we think: if we think about the Lord Jesus Christ we will be like Him if we think about other things we will be like them.
The Lord Jesus Christ is the source of all truth, Satan does everything he can to distort or hide the truth from us.
We can make a difference in our world if we fill our hearts and our minds with the Lord Jesus Christ rather than copy our neighbours.
Our lives are defined by what we allow to stay in our minds, if we think about the Lord Jesus Christ we will be like Him for our own good.
The only true way to learn about the Lord Jesus Christ is to trust Him and obey Him rather than listen to people who know nothing about Him.
Everyone has opportunities to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ throughout life but if you choose to ignore them they will eventually stop.
The bad things that we do come from inside our minds but if we fill our minds with the Lord Jesus Christ we will be more like Him.
We can always learn something fresh and uplifting when we spend time thinking about the Lord Jesus Christ and the good things He has done.
The Lord Jesus Christ, alone, offers the way to escape the destruction of the earth every other way does nothing in the end.
It is so easy to lose sight of the Lord Jesus Christ and follow our own ways until we are doing exactly the opposite of following Him.
Man made rules cannot supersede God's rules and the Lord Jesus Christ is the only One Who can save sinners from hell, death and sin.
The Lord Jesus Christ made us and always knows what is best for us so we can trust Him to do what is really good for us all the time.
We can either believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and trust His sufficiency or rely on our own efforts; we can't do both.
It isn't good for us to focus on rules and regulations but on the excellence of the Lord Jesus Christ, our perfect Saviour.
The Lord Jesus Christ offers the only true way for people to have everlasting life; no one can ever earn it by their own efforts.
The more time we spend focusing on procedures and practice gives us less time for the Lord Jesus Christ and all the good He does for us.
We can either work hard at being good and never be good enough for God or believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and enjoy the fact that He is.
People who are grateful and live their lives in the joy of the finished work of the Lord Jesus Christ are filled with joy and peace
We like to take pride in what we have done but the Lord Jesus Christ is sufficient for salvation and everlasting life.
When you believe in the Lord Jesus Christ you don't have to worry about keeping rules and being good, just believing in His sufficiency.
There will always be people who want to take away from us the peace and the joy that come from believing in the Lord Jesus Christ.
One of the most wonderful things about the Lord Jesus Christ is that He has enough grace to save each and every person who believes in Him.
The Lord Jesus Christ can heal the emotional and psychological problems that we face if thank Him for His goodness every day and night.
If you love and believe in the Lord Jesus Christ then you will always be comforted by when you know that He is near.
When we believe in the Lord Jesus Christ we can negotiate every problem with confidence knowing that He will keep us till the very end.
If we want to love and serve the Lord Jesus Christ then it is good for us to remember and give thanks for all the good things He has done.
The Lord Jesus Christ can make miraculous and eternal changes in our lives all we have to do is believe in Him.
When we stop and take time to enjoy the Lord Jesus Christ's presence we will have His peace in our hearts and minds and we will be at rest.
The Lord Jesus Christ only does good things but there are many people who don't realise this and are afraid of Him because they are sinners.
We will never find ourselves in a situation that is beyond the Lord Jesus Christ's ability to deal with.
Even though we may feel alone at times the Lord Jesus Christ goes with us in the way and keeps us safe as well.
It is good for those who love and serve the Lord Jesus Christ to spend time alone with Him in prayer Bible reading and meditation.
As long as we are alive on this earth the Lord Jesus Christ will give us a secure purpose and plan to keep us safe in His love.
The Lord Jesus Christ has a much larger vision than anyone in the world; things are always much better than we can imagine.
The Lord Jesus Christ has sufficient grace to give salvation to every person who has ever been born, all we have to do is believe in Him.
The Lord Jesus Christ only does perfect things; when He is finished there is nothing left for anyone else to do.
When the Lord Jesus Christ provides there is always sufficient for everyone who trusts Him.
The Lord Jesus Christ is always careful, considered and ordered in His ways, He is never random or arbitrary but reliable and trustworthy.
It is best for those of us who believe in the Lord Jesus Christ to sit and wait for Him to act or speak them do what He wants us to to do.
The Lord Jesus Christ can use the least impressive people to do great things for His glory as long as we submit to Him unconditionally.
When we believe in the Lord Jesus Christ we act as small people doing small things in a small way then He intervenes in His almighty way.
The Lord Jesus Christ cares for the poor and needy, the widow and the orphan, He provides for our needs and comforts us in our sorrow.
The Lord Jesus Christ is always available to help and sustain those who believe in Him no matter what time or what place.
The Lord Jesus Christ always puts people before programs, projects and policies, after all He died to save people from sin and hell.
There are always pressing issues in our lives but we can trust the Lord Jesus Christ to keep us in every situation that we face.
The Lord Jesus Christ is the perfect Saviour Who has provided a foolproof salvation for all who believe in Him.
If we love the Lord Jesus Christ then it is good for us to devote some time each day entirely to Him, praying and reading the Bible.
It is a good idea for those who believe in the Lord Jesus Christ to regularly spend time alone with Him revealing their hearts to Him.
It is good for those who believe in the Lord Jesus Christ to support and encourage their fellow Christians as much as they can.
Those who believe in the Lord Jesus Christ have nothing to fear in the future, when we leave our bodies we will be with Him forever.
The Lord Jesus Christ is sovereign in all His creation but He always works for good in the lives of those who love and obey Him.
There are times when we can admit we have made a mistake and believe in the Lord Jesus Christ instead of sinning against Him.
The Lord Jesus Christ always keeps His promises, He is alive and in control and does what is good for us in the end, if we believe in Him.
The Lord Jesus Christ is faithful and true, He will not fail or forsake us and, when we die, He will take us to be with Him forever.
The Lord Jesus Christ only does good for us it is up to us to accept or reject that good rather than blame Him for the bad things we choose.
The Lord Jesus Christ promised to save us from sin, and He did, how much does that influence the way you behave each day?
It is easy to continue our lives, go to parties and forget about the Lord Jesus Christ but death catches people when they are not ready.
We will never have everlasting life if we think about it and discuss it must believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and nothing else.
There are many people, and Satan, who want to destroy you but the Lord Jesus Christ will save you from sin as long as you believe in Him.
The Lord Jesus Christ took sin so seriously that He paid the full penalty Himself, we should remember that and thank Him every day.
Those who believe in the Lord Jesus Christ can remember that He refused to compromise when it came to the truth about sin, Satan and hell.
There are some things that we do, which will trouble us for the rest of our days, the only solution is to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ.
No one else is like the Lord Jesus Christ; He is the only Person Who can save us from sin and give us everlasting life.
There is only one proper way to deal with sin and that is to confess, repent and believe in the Lord Jesus Christ.
If you are suffering from emotional pain think about the Lord Jesus Christ and thank Him for all that He has done for you.
It is essential for every person who believes in the Lord Jesus Christ to repent of his sin and obey Him day by day.
There is a terrible fate for those who reject the Lord Jesus Christ and they will have a long time to regret what they have done.
If we believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and love Him then we will be committed for the long term and not just a day a week.
It is better to go out with the Lord Jesus Christ when He calls us than to make sure we have enough to support ourselves.
The Lord Jesus Christ calls on His people to follow Him in faith trusting Him to supply everything because He does supply everything.
The Lord Jesus Christ calls on people to believe in Him today so that they can enjoy everlasting life right now and forever as well.
Everyone has to believe in something but the Lord Jesus Christ is the only Person Who can cause you to escape from the eternal flames.
If you want to take advantage of all the good things that the Lord Jesus Christ can offer you must believe that He is the risen Saviour.
If you grow up in a world that doesn't respect the Lord Jesus Christ you will have trouble believing that He is the Lord of all creation.
Many people say that the Lord Jesus Christ was just an ordinary man but He is the perfect, sinless Saviour of the world Who is alive now.
The Lord Jesus Christ is the only Person Who can offer everlasting life to whosoever believes, this is the  only way to escape hell.
The Lord Jesus Christ calls us to follow Him and it is good for us to be with Him wherever He calls us to live.
The Lord Jesus Christ saves us from sin so that we can participate in our everlasting life and enjoy all the spiritual blessings.
When a person believes on the Lord Jesus Christ he is filled with love and gratitude and wants to do whatever the Lord requires.
When the Lord Jesus Christ speaks things happen that make a difference in eternity as well as right now.
The Lord Jesus Christ is the personal Saviour for each and every person no one else can save you at all.
Many people laugh and say you are a fool to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ but, one day, everyone will know that He is the true Saviour.
Nothing is impossible for the Lord Jesus Christ; no one is too bad for everlasting as long as they believe in Him alone.
The only way to escape the terror, agony and hopelessness of the day of judgement is to believe in the Saviour whose birth we celebrate.
The Lord Jesus Christ calls those who believe in Him to follow Him wherever He calls them to go.
The Lord Jesus Christ has already done everything to save us from sin, death and hell all we have to do is believe in Him.
There are always opportunities for everyone to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ but when you're dead it's too late.
If we believe in the Lord Jesus Christ we have peace with God and we can enjoy the peace of God in our hearts and minds as well.
When we believe in the Lord Jesus Christ it is a good idea to let other people know that we are enjoying the benefits of His love.
We may think that we are hiding in a crowd but the Lord Jesus Christ knows and understands the insecurity and pain in our hearts.
The Lord Jesus Christ is able to deal with every individual in every crowd and solve their problems personally.
The Lord Jesus Christ knows immediately when anyone comes to Him in faith and He accepts them into His family straight away.
As soon as a person comes to the Lord Jesus Christ and believes in Him that person has everlasting life and will never lose it.
The Lord Jesus Christ has already reached out to sinners we just have to respond in faith to enjoy all the benefits.
If you can come to the Lord Jesus Christ and believe in Him you will be captivated for life and eternity.
We can search for an entire lifetime trying to find rest for our souls but we will never know true rest without the Lord Jesus Christ.
Every person has their own individual problems but the Lord Jesus Christ deals with individuals in a personal and unique way.
As long as we believe in the Lord Jesus Christ He will go with us all the days of our lives and we will enjoy every spiritual blessing.
The Lord Jesus Christ will bring spiritual life to those who are spiritually dead as soon as they believe in Him.
The Lord Jesus Christ is the Saviour but He is also the Lord of all and should be obeyed by those who love Him.
The Lord Jesus Christ is the most interesting Person Who ever lived a lifetime in His company is the best way to begin to know Him.
If you believe that knowing the Lord Jesus Christ is the most important information on earth then your life will show it to the world.
If we love the Lord Jesus Christ then it is good to let other people know what He can do for them as well by living among them.
If we believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and know the wonders of His love them we will enjoy thanking Him all the time.
If we decide to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ we will have to leave our comfort zone and to experience all the benefits of His love.
Nothing is too difficult for the Lord Jesus Christ but He is always consistent, loving and works for good to His glory.
The Lord Jesus Christ can bring peace and joy to anyone suffering from emotional or psychological problems if they trust entirely in Him.
When the Lord Jesus Christ works in a person's life the miracle cannot be hidden but everyone soon sees the change.
Even though the devils want to stay close by the Lord Jesus Christ always forces them back to where they belong; hell.
The devils always want to stay with us but we need to get rid of them if we want to enjoy the Lord Jesus Christ completely.
There are many distractions in the world specifically designed to lead us away from the Lord Jesus Christ and keep us from everlasting life.
The powers of evil want to remain close to us to torment us but the Lord Jesus Christ drives them all away so that we can be safe.
The forces of evil may be great and powerful but the Lord Jesus Christ is greater and more powerful than them all.
None of the devils can refuse to obey the Lord Jesus Christ but many people think it's okay to ignore Him day by day.
The hardest time anyone can go through is knowing that they are a sinner but not enjoying the peace of God that comes from the Lord Jesus.
Anyone who has a genuine encounter with the Lord Jesus Christ will fall on their knees before His majesty and His Divinity.
We can either choose to be restless and insecure or we can have peace and security by believing in the Lord Jesus Christ.
If we believe in the Lord Jesus Christ we can always rely on Him to give us peace in our hearts and minds in every circumstance.
Every person who does not believe in the Lord Jesus Christ is hopeless and helpless and can do nothing to save themselves.
If we believe in the Lord Jesus Christ we can expect a spiritual battle but our resources, in His Name, are always superior.
If we believe in the Lord Jesus Christ we can always find new places to go and new things to do.
The Lord Jesus Christ is Almighty God and all creation is subject to His authority but He will not force us, we must still choose to believe
If we believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and do His will then we can rest secure in His perfect plans.
The Lord Jesus Christ offers true peace of mind to all those who believe in Him just take ten minutes a day to thank and praise Him.
Sometimes it seems that no one cares but the Lord Jesus Christ has already shown that He cares when He died for our sin at Calvary.
Sometimes life is nice and easy while at other times it can be hard but we can always trust the Lord Jesus Christ to keep His promises.
Life goes on day by day but we can enrich each day if we believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and continue in the fullness of His great love.
For those who believe in the Lord Jesus Christ there is great comfort in the fact that He has finished the work of our salvation.
If you believe in the Lord Jesus Christ it is good for you to spend time alone thinking about Him, praying to Him and reading your Bible.
There is always sufficient information for people to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ but we must take advantage of that information.
One day the Lord Jesus Christ will come back and everyone will realise that He is the Lord and bow at His feet.
When the Lord Jesus Christ came the first time He was despised and rejected; next time He comes everyone will know that He is the Lord.
The Lord Jesus Christ is greater than anyone else in history, He alone can provide a way to escape the coming fire.
We don't know how the Lord Jesus Christ works but we know that He does for our good and God's glory.
There are natural processes and spiritual processes but the Lord Jesus Christ alone can give everlasting life to those who believe in Him.
If we believe in the Lord Jesus Christ then we can trust Him to keep us forever and take us to heaven as well.
Everything that happens when you believe in the Lord Jesus Christ is done by Him, we just enjoy all the benefits of His overwhelming love.
If we choose to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ we have everlasting life right now if we don't we don't.
The Lord Jesus Christ is perfect and sinless but everyone else is flawed by sin that is why we need to trust Him for everlasting life.
You might have your last chance to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ today, who knows what might happen after that?
One day you will stand before the Lord Jesus Christ as judge and He will know everything you have ever thought or done.
Knowing that the Lord Jesus Christ has provided the only way to escape the coming fire is the most important information in the world.
If you deliberately and consciously choose to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ then you will enjoy all spiritual blessings He offers.
You are what you think: the more time you spend thinking about the Lord Jesus Christ the more like Him you will become and that is good.
There are many things in the world that can draw us away from the Lord Jesus Christ and keep us from enjoying everlasting life.
If you are not intellectually committed to the Lord Jesus Christ you will be more likely to give up when the going gets tough.
Think carefully before you commit yourself to the Lord Jesus Christ rather than think about it later and give up.
It is best if you make a conscious and deliberate decision to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ rather than a quick emotional decision.
If you believe in the Lord Jesus Christ then your life shows people every day what He is like and what He can do for them.
The Lord Jesus Christ will teach you everything that you need to know about everlasting life but you will only learn if you listen to Him.
It is easy to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and be saved but if you decide not to believe you may be caught in your unbelief.
In order to appreciate the truth about the Lord Jesus Christ you must first accept that He is God and submit to Him.
It is important for everyone who loves and believes in the Lord Jesus Christ to spend time alone with Him praying and reading the Bible.
Everybody is entirely responsible for every choice that they make in life especially what they decide to do about the Lord Jesus Christ.
If you believe in the Lord Jesus Christ your life will be rich and fruitful and will have eternal rewards.
We can be so busy worrying about our lives that we don't take the time to enjoy the benefits of knowing the Lord Jesus Christ.
We need to fill our hearts and minds with all that the Lord Jesus Christ has done and we will overcome in the day of trouble.
It is a good idea to think carefully about believing in the Lord Jesus Christ and enjoy the benefits rather than change your mind later.
It is very easy to be too busy to think about the Lord Jesus Christ but if you wait too long it will be too late.
The Lord Jesus Christ came down from heaven to earth to reach out to sinners and save us; we must believe to enjoy this unparalleled gift.
The Lord Jesus Christ made us so He knows our design specifications best, that why it is best for us to follow His instructions.
Even though there are billions of people in the world, the Lord Jesus Christ has enough love and grace to give everlasting life to each one.
The Lord Jesus Christ would like everyone to believe in Him and have everlasting life but He will not force anyone to believe.
Every person who believes in the Lord Jesus Christ belongs to His family and immediately gains all the benefits of belonging.
The salvation that the Lord Jesus Christ offers is free for everyone who chooses to believe in Him as soon as they believe.
Everyone belongs to a community of some kind but only the community of those who believe in the Lord Jesus Christ will escape the fire.
Everyone on the earth is ordinary in the sense that they are sinners who can only be saved by believing in the Lord Jesus Christ.
Anyone who chooses not to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ will suffer the eternal consequences in hell.
If anyone chooses to reject the Lord Jesus Christ, that is, refuses to believe that He is the Saviour, he will be damned for eternity.
The Lord Jesus Christ has the authority to forgive sin, we need to confess our sin and repent to enjoy the benefits of everlasting life.
Everyone who believes in the Lord Jesus Christ is irretrievably safe because no one is powerful enough to defeat Him and take us away.
