Oh oh.... I think I'm about to cry #TheForceAwakens
I get home late, I'm tired, there is thing in a plastic bag at my door. I touch it...it explodes in Minion chatter. http://t.co/SvQakIeHWW
Can't wait to get home and go to sleep... Right after I watch another episode of Daredevil. #tired
Picked up vol 1 Iron Fist trade today, I don't even know if this Rand dude is a Asian guy or a white guy... I'm hoping Asian.
I love all the times Matt says "you're safe with me" to people who don't know he's Daredevil, for a moment their all like umm..
I love looking up Daredevil on Twitter, it's just a constant flow of 98% praise.
Has anyone made or thought of making a conspiracy wall for fun?
Fun trivia: Both Skye of Agents of SHEILD and Matt Murdock aka Daredevil were raised in the same orphanage St Agnes. #Marvel
So just found out just how weak sauce the new rules in regards to vaccinations are... Religious exemptions. Fuck what was the bloody point!
Yet another case of separation of state &amp; church not working. If your religious beliefs put others in danger, then we have a problem.
I've read that the second episode Daredevil fight scene was a homage to a fight scene in Korean movie Oldboy...So going to watch Oldboy now.
Maybe Netflix should stop while they are ahead, they raised the bar with first season of Daredevil. Remember first season of Heroes... 😜
People who have "followed" me recently on Twitter, why have you? Is it because you find me witty? We share common interests?
As soon as you offer a death threat, or any other description of violence to anyone, you have completely lost your argument.
I'm not in the mood for Game of Thrones right now, it's a when I'm in the mood type of show. I'll likely catch after the season is finished.
What if the gear Daredevil orders off the internet is messed up at packing stage, and they pack wrong colour shirt...
Daredevil re-watch continues... Ep 5, World on Fire.
I'm always confused when I don't find a punchline at the end of aspirational memes.
Just because... http://t.co/bL9BdO4bs1
Phrase I hate the most when people talk about superhero tv &amp; movies: "grounded in reality". 

::sneer:: cowards.
I Tried To Pay Foxtel For Game Of Thrones, But They Wouldn't Let Me (via @GizmodoAU) http://t.co/ACxPB8YCtu
Is Korean version of "Oldboy" on US Netflix? (I can't check right now without VPN)
Just wondering, because Daredevil is released just before Age of Ultron... Think might be possibility of a Daredevil cameo in movie?
What's @Netflix's schedule on the other Marvel shows, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage, Iron Fist? #TheDefenders #Daredevil
So @Netflix #Daredevil season 2 is guaranteed, right.
Am watching episode 12 now... Of a13 episode season #Daredevil
Facebook tip of the year: don't join too many Facebook groups, unless you don't mind having your faith in humanity ruined.
I think Netflix's Daredevil may in fact be the greatest super hero tv show ever made.
I'm so OP... #TabletopDay http://t.co/WYfsFMluve
Karen Page annoys me, but that's ok. She annoyed me in the comics too. It's story appropriate #Daredevil
I might of given a little fan squee when Ben Urich turned up in Daredevil. Wonderful casting.
Also I love the way Daredevil on Netflix acknowledges the Marvel movie universe without being too obvious about it. Background subtlety.
I love the fight scenes in Marvel's Daredevil, the way he moves with all those fast twists, turns and flips. It's like a dance.
Ah fuck! Just one more episode... Then I'll sleep. (Up to ep 5).
Do you all realuse how mind blowingly amazing it is for me to see the comic books I loved brought to life in tv shows... #Daredevil
That was intense! Onto the second episode now #Daredevil
13 minutes #Daredevil #Netflix
I keep checking the countdown to Daredevil hitting Netflix... 20 minutes. I can't help it! I'm so excited!
Just got home... My cats love me, I mean LOVE ME! I suppose I should feed them. Sigh, but then they won't love me as much anymore.
I love ya @Apple but please don't avoid paying Australia the taxes you should!     

Ps: and don't employ slave labour in China :(
French baguette with butter would hit the spot right now too.. Too bad I'm stuck on a train.
I think it may be time for the second episode of Pretty Little Liars on Netflix when I get home...
Why the fuck did I "like" that... I don't  even get it.. #Facebook
Really craving a good omelette about now...
I sent an email to the book shop, asking about their return policy... It's worth a try! #DudBook
I watched Interstellar the other night (it finally turned up on iTunes). I really liked it, reminded me of Robert Heinlein  books I've read.
I need a lesson on how to use my new MacBook pro's trackpad #pretzelfingers
As an atheist during the Easter weekend I like to celebrate the mythology... The Easter Bunny.
Hey @gofundme what's your policy on hate groups.
If you are not watching TV show #Dig you are missing out on a great conspiracy adventure with many fascinating turns.
Just watched new syfy show #Olympus. Left me me wanting to know what happens next, damn it.
Down the rabbit hole we go... Playing The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. http://t.co/9VpKD6AOHE
What would these scammers do if #GoFundMe made it a policy "no funds based on discrimination backlash".
New #GoFundMe scam tactics. Publicly announce abhorrent views, cry "I took a stand, it ruined my busness", wait for gullible who share views
I bought myself a 13" MacBook Pro recently... Now I need suggestions for creative things to do with it? Braintrust go!
I can't wait for Daredevil to start... 10th of April needs to get here already.
Well done Facebook! I reported an offensive post, and they let me know it did violate their community standards and removed it.
What's with the smoke coming over Sydney from the south-west?
April 1st today... ::prepares to be skeptical all day::
Re-Naming an X-Files Noromo fan fiction archive, think "X-Files Probe Fan Fiction Archive" would work? 😜
I don't think the X-Files noromo fan fiction archive (Acacia Archive) is online anymore :(
Columns: Step Forwards / Population Involved // Step Backwards / Population Involved. 

Maybe if tracked could discover more good than bad.
Seems humanity is always taking steps back instead of steps forward to an enlightened humanity. We need a step forward/step back tracker!
Also, I suddenly feel old.
I see people who were not even born yet when The X-Files started excited about its return.
Note to self: don't leave dress with tulle skirt hanging off door knob. Cat gets tangled in it with his claws, he thinks it's a toy.
One more day, almost Saturday. Then voting and D&amp;D (wonder if I can fit in an Officeworks trip too).
Really train, you don't have to be so quick to get to city, I just need a little more time with this book I'm reading.
Thinking of trying out Loot Crate...
I need to do a re-read of Ready Player One. Right after I'm finished with this re-read of The Vor Game.
Atheists wouldn't have to speak up so much if religious more visibly spoke up for seperation of church and state too.
I also like to win board games.
The more I play board games the more I realise I love board games!
My sister and I are having a chuckle over the really high population of the 90210 postcode... #VPN
Where in Sydney City do you think best to find unicorn poster? Kinikuniya? Myers? Kings Comics? Other toy store? Dymocks? It's urgent.
I don't think CSI: Cyber is improving. What a shame.
Pushing Daisies for the win! @BryanFuller
Finally got my new 13" MacBook Pro!
