Why do newsreaders speak with such a strange cadence? Invariably pausing mid-sentence, but barreling right through full stops.
Omgomgomg Han Solo!
Anybody else have ~a lot~ of trouble using iView thru the PS4?
What's an 'adjunct professor'?
Finishing 'Riven' will probably remain my greatest achievement, and I expect it to go on my gravestone.
Don't judge me too harshly,  but I'm really enjoying Clone Wars on Netflix
Anyway, this is Josh Abrahams right here =&gt; @audiohoarder. Don't follow him, he's not tweeting.
Earlier today I was making Sugababes jokes. Now I'm back to 'Addicted to Bass'. By tomorrow I'll be in the '80s for sure.
RIP Josh Abrahams, finally ODed on bass.
Josh Abrahams of 'Addicted to Bass' fame hasn't tweeted since February. Can somebody check on him?
Frente have been pretty quiet recently.
On TV shows, when a character invents some great new machine or starts some business that's going to make them super-rich...
"@BartholomewD: Abbott says East West Link funds will be kept "In a locked box".  What an idiot."

The Infrastructure Prime Minister
Chipotle Manager 2016
90mins appears to be the minimum amount of time allocated for an exam, which is still about 70 minutes too long for a multiple choice quiz
Another Wentworth Park exam, another day of pretending to watch invisible dogs race https://t.co/UqC6EViXGV
What are my options for sharing some ~100mb files with people over the Internet?
Sext: https://t.co/cn0ZsoqdY7
Sugababes? No thank-you, that stuff's toxic. It'll be Steviababes for me, thanks.
Last minute study, listening to a lecture recording. Lecturer has spent 10 minutes now talking about fried rice.
Aside from the bit at the end, the Ant-Man trailer was pretty bland and boring, but I still hold out hope for it.
Exam time, where I outsource the creation of mnemonics to Twitter:

OCCCA

ERCV
Mothers, lock up your daughters! I'm here to advocate the mass imprisonment of young women.
Saxophone and double bass busker duo at Central made me regret using the last of my change for coffee.
Hey Melbournites. Can i top up my myki at any station?
Pub trivia has revealed my strengths and weaknesses.

Academy award-winning films: 1/4

Communist countries: 5/5
It's like I always say - you gotta svengali to make gali
We truly live in a golden age https://t.co/KAN2XihzvM
Twitter's weird sometimes, I reckon.
jfc bernie
I did year 11 physics, I'm probably qualified http://t.co/i6DqcTpnjg
100 guineas to the man who can stop me issuing bounties in obsolete currencies!
Would you say 'understandability' or 'understandableness'?

I'd say the former, but MS Word says the latter.
Trying to beat the house record for most dishes fit into the dishwasher is my raison d'être
Just got an actual legit job offer through LinkedIn. Lucky this was the one day a month I checked it.
le #ewlink est mort, vive le #ewlink
Ugh, Leunig.
I am outraged that the Anzac legacy is being exploited for commercial purposes when it should only be exploited for political purposes.
Yes! http://t.co/tIvT6NUKUb
#LestWeForget #FreshInOurMemories https://t.co/cKOMPb1B69
LRT, I think I own the same couch as Al-Qaeda
Coming to Melbourne next week. Is it still a frozen wasteland, uninhabitable to all but the hardiest of creatures?
Marco Rubio is vaguely charismatic and has a cool-sounding name, so he's got my vote.
Controversial opinion, but I don't think we should be locking baggage handlers in the cargo hold, no matter how naughty they've been.
Hanging around outside the butcher til it opens at 9, waiting for my fix
Oh, I see we're doing the "guns don't kill people, video games kill people" thing again.
It's 7:30am and I've already heard "wow factor" once and "cost of living" three times.

This day is a complete write-off
Such sad self-hatred :( http://t.co/ja8Y0eIX6s"
Whole lotta police and fire vehicles just came into my apartment complex and I have no idea why. I'm sure I'm fine.
A Current Affair doing a story about how eating raw chicken is bad.
I don't know why I have Garbage's 'Cherry Lips' in my head, but it looks like thats going to be my internal soundtrack for this exam.
Since I was a kid I've been promised a superquake that will destroy all of California and, frankly, I'm getting tired of waiting.
Sext: http://t.co/w6hZt94iWH
It's fun to goof around and say things are part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. But Yo Gabba Gabba actually is.
Little known fact: 'Family Matters' is part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and Jaleel White is in talks to play Urkel in Avengers 3
Daredevil?  It's like you guys don't even know you could be watching 6 seasons of Clone Wars on Netflix instead.
At a "dress like you did when you were 15" party. I bought Passion Pop because I couldn't find Lemon Ruskis.
This is just hurtful, @ennbutt https://t.co/D3Fbv7iD1E
Bought this on Threadless. Such a missed opportunity that it wasn't call 'Sic Semper Tyrannosaurus'. https://t.co/yPdNxazEhT
Why do so many people think that my email is their own? Why am I now subscribed to a mailing list for a crockery company in Illinois?
Sounds like Curry had quite a game.
Don't judge someone til you've walked a mile in their shoes. Don't judge them after that either. I mean, who's the shoe-thief here? Not them
10,000 spoons when all you need is a spoon. Isn't it excessive? Don't you think?
The bendy bus is the height of man's hubris, and will surely be our undoing.
For the last time no, deus ex machina isn't when you put on God Mode in Wolfenstein 3D
I couldn't decide which tweet was better, so I did both. Probably should have done neither.
"Ed Milliband isn't cool. Y'know what's cool? Ed Billiband!"
-the Napster guy weighing in on UK politics
"A millipede isn't cool. Y'know what's cool? A billipede!"
-the Napster guy trying to be God's friend,  probably
Mongolian beef? Sir, I hardly think the ethnicity of the cow is relevant.
imo it's time to legalize murder, put in a sensible regulatory framework to make it safer for all
Hard to believe that Keith Moon discovered one of our most famous celestial bodies, yet was also a successful rock drummer.
The Corporations Act (Cth) 2001 is a totally fun thing to study and not at all driving me to the point of dashing my brains out on this desk
