I don't believe the government should be giving free surgery for overweigh people when the money should help more needing patients.@QLDGOV
Why is the RSL upset with Woolworths. Didn't a beer company pay the RSL to use Gallipoli in a beer add.
Stepmother of the hoon who crashed his car says the government should have a place they can hoon  then they wouldn't be on the road . Stupid
Too many people go straight for the head when they fight. To try to knock the other person out. Too late to say sorry when the person dies.
#gayrights Is it just me or is  the World going backward as far as rights for gay people goes. Religious freedom or plain discrimination
Drugs in sport. That was a waste of time and money.
Turning the memory of our fallen soldiers into a beer add is very poor form.
#AskRuby Dear Ruby will you be in the next Ab FB movie and I look forward to your next trip to Brisbane
Never let a drunk friend walk or drive home alone. Too late to feel sorry if something bad happens.
Health fund should let their customers know what they are covered for and get rid of useless levels of cover.
@timbarnhill85 Marty Fields is bloody funny. You just don't humour.@Martyfields
Germaine Greer ,  a sad person who only gets media attention when she makes stupid comments...a fighter for women rights now a joke
Karmicharl Hunt fined $2,500 no conviction recorded. The courts are a joke
Karmichael Hunt pleads guilty. Let's see what sentence he get or will it just be a slap on the wrist.  Lifetime ban for playing sport
Such a sad day with the passing of Leonard Nimoy. I wonder if he really knew how much the World loved him
#drugsinsport Elite sportsmen don't take drugs. If they do they should  be sacked, charged , if found guilty be sent to jail. Let down fans
Uproar because Glenn McGrath was hunting in 2008. Really, it's time people got their priorities straight. Beheadings, school girls kidnapped
David Hicks has been acquitted for his crimes. He should expect an apology and compensation for the 5 years spent in jail.
What animal would cut the head off a fellow human. This scum needs to be removed off the face of the World
I let my emotions get the better of me and now I have destroyed the most special thing that I am scared I won't get back.
Depression is the unseen illness. The sad thing is we can all get it  and suffer alone.
Sia's new cd is to be called " Can't Sia"
Sad to hear  a 3 year old child in the US  has shot both his parents after he found a gun in his mother's bag while looking for an ipad.
So glad to hear @PeterGreste has been  released and is on his way back home. Rest up , talk  talk to the media when you feel well enough
Make your count this saturday. Vote for the way you want Queensland run.
If you consider Australia Day as Invasion Day why don't you go to work instead of having a day off .
Fred Nile would have to be the most hated man in Australia right. Such a sad stupid old fool doesn't have a heart. Disgusting man. Hateful
#liftupyourcup  in remembrance of Tori Johnson and Katrina Dawson , the victims in the Lindt Cafe siege Sydney http://t.co/2sXr6zP81z
#liftupyourcup in remembrance of Tori Johnson and Katrina Dawson
The siege is over after the police stormed Lindt Cafe. 2 dead. 3 injured
I hope the hostages being held in Sydney are released unharmed.
Victorian liberals lost..no fault of federal goverment. If them had won ...all because of federal government.
The Palmer United Party had so much going for it but now it's falling apart.
With security around Brisbane for G20, I am very surprised the media are saying what hotels  the World leaders are staying in
We should all have the right to marry the person we love if we choose to. Make same sex marriage legal Mr Abbott.
