is it just me or calum hasnt change clothes since going home? lol
cant wait for the weekend bc im gonna sleep in and may never wake up
Today stats: 55 followers, 13 unfollowers and followed 16 people via http://t.co/SkpRtqi0B7
its 7pm i should go to sleep
grab hold of it
fuck yeah
DAMMIT THIS MASSAGE IS TICKLISH
currently getting a massage and omfg its FUCKING HEAVEN
53 hours left to do
currently getting a massage and she's saying that my nerves and all that shit are stressed asf lmao i know
I'm gonna get a foot massage brb
i loved someone, i never confessed tho.
i literally have not sat down for 8 hrs straight.
flat out tired
wait what? there's actually people waiting outside of 5sos' houses? isnt it raining? oh well
funny stories lmao
thought it was going to rain
7 to 9 is very hectic fuck omg
happy 8.4k followers to me lmao
when will i 'accidentally' meet 5sos?
gonna leave for work in a few :( SOMEBODY UPDATE ME ABOUT TODAY'S HAPPENINGS WHILE IM OUT LOL
hello mutualssssss http://t.co/9MfvkLRp00
update me about the happenings pls
i cant even put my long hair in a bun bc i dont look good at it lol
olay so i was lame
i took a selfie just like this with my vans when i was 12 lmao http://t.co/CuRT0Ss6QN
i have to start work at 7am
he didnt wifi so thats why
Today stats: 68 followers, 10 unfollowers and followed 9 people via http://t.co/SkpRtqi0B7
FREE FOLLOW ME LUVS
some bitch
apparently calum is going somewhere bc he is at a train station
i mean can someone free follow me lol
so fucking stressed
I START 7AM AT WORK TOMORROW /(
SHE wAS GOALS OFG
i really think that 'the only reason' is so under appreciated like broooooo you gotta listen to it!!
so i start from 7am and shift ends at 3:30pm
just saw a lady wearing "army" the shirt that both calum and ashton have and i swear i fangirled over a shirt
im coming to see you...next year
its so hot omg
can u see me as a nurse in the future? lol
im having vegetable salad for lunch im so hungry i could finish it all even tho i dont like vegetables that much
hmu with some free follows yea?
butterflies 😩
i dont feel well today
okay now for real though, when can i meet calum
i still havent see my report lmao
okay where was i when this happened? probably panicking bc calum followed me back then lmao http://t.co/aMAujTN9B3
i dont think i wanna go today
hmu with some free follows 💕
Today stats: 31 followers, 22 unfollowers and followed 17 people via http://t.co/SkpRtq0pJz
living by the beach is my dream but the thought of tsunamis terriefies me even tho its unlikely to happen lol
that fuckboy better stay the fuck home
for real tho, is he home? in his house? or in sydney accomodating near a club? lmao imma shut up.
