Half my contacts are posting about star wars. I am disappointed, I expected more than 50% from you.
Rage hard. Then rage harder.
Who the fuck wants to subscribe to "early access to marketing campaigns"? I don't even want your shitty spam now...
Not ultra pleased with chrome's new bookmarks thing.
It may have 64GB of storage space but it has zero bytes of effective storage space when I cannot find it, crafty usb drive...
TIL the tropic lines are moving every year. So all those gift shops are lying because they are never in the exact location of the tropics.
6:28am and ready to punch a clock with FPS reflexes.
Try a deeper kind of slumber.
I don't even try to counter them now, I just go full pokerface while they dig themselves deeper into a hole of ignorance.
Just like 1st year biology class. I love watching religious zealots trying to argue evolution doesn't exist.
Google's spam filter seems to struggle with Google Now. I frequently see regurgitated slightly edited clickbait.
I dub thee permanent duckface.
Consider a vacation to a saturnine place today!
So it turns out you can stub :class in ruby. Trololololo
Slap your data around with the normalization stick.
Upgraded github. Taking off my work hat and putting on my scholar's mortarboard. #study
Someone, somewhere must have heard me complaining about java. Today I am fixing a bug in some java code :)
jython is somehow unstable on windows, bsd and linux... Surely this works somewhere?
Netregistry why are you capping the number of DNS changes I can make in a year? Gandi doesn't do that....
Also flash....
JSP on .NET... what the fuck is wrong with you people?
There is no dress, it is just nudity that is being filled in with your puritanical imagination.
Well I made someone's night tonight but probably pissed off thousands of midgets. #Soundwave2015
Definitely getting older. I don't know how I would cope with a 5 day festival now. #soundwave
Reliving my teenage years at #soundwave
Someone is reading a printout of Fortran code across from me. Quaint to see outmoded technology (printers) are still being used by some.
Oracle's java licence click requirement to download can suck on a bag of dicks.
Always amazes me when I ask a question and find the answer is "thesis project" level of complexity. Makes me think I could get published.
Watching maths lectures while deploying some servers. I think I am a nerd and not an impostor nerd.
I only ever see one ad on the internet now. Why would anyone be allowed to sit on a plane with a saxophone in hand?
#ImStickingWithTony because every circus needs a clown and anyone else will just be the same shit from a different arsehole.
As long as you bleed, you'll die.
cs-7641 seems to be 15.071x redux. Similar statistical content but deeper and more challenging.
Carrying Australian flag balloons on the train to take home for my 0yo. This is as openly patriotic as I can get.
가자!
I didn't read those stupid warning signs on the train door. http://t.co/oLFcgUtKgt
is smart enough to pay attention when someone is pointing out the exits.
Hand fumbled a vowel in docker and started searching for post build requirements....
Why the fuck am I putting text in a td element, it is 2015...
Someone's writing down your mistakes. Someone's taking notice.
Woot. Got my class approval so I am doing machine learning this semester. Going to work my arse off to maintain perfect grades...
#imwithstupid if my former state votes those bozos back in at the end of the month.
2014 went so fast. I barely wrote a single tweet, blogpost or extended rant. Maybe this is me mellowing with age.
I hadn't signed in to twitter so long my session fully expired and I needed to log in!
"Once you are done figuring out what that code does, can you get on to figuring out the cure for ebola?"
Watching First Contact on SBS. It is angrying up the blood. How can people be so stupid?
I wonder if the mirror of reality looking back at me finds me as amusing as I find it.
What is facebook on? First they introduce a shit browser and now they put a grey bar around the app.
Macbook has crashed. I don't know why people say they are any different to windows or linux systems.
I don't know how these trains can be 98% on time when at least once a month they are all cancelled.
Is it really that hard to design a railway that can work when it rains a little?
Sheriff don't like it, lock the taskbar.
Wait, your telling me there is a Google+. Does it search better than the regular google or does it just remove the ads for a fee?
How much gothic music must one listen to before one qualifies as a goth?
Grr, steam is down. Right when I want to play games!
I can't believe I got an A for my first project of cs-7637. Project 2 is kicking my arse.
Helping to put someone to sleep and programming an artificial intelligence at the same time.
Sitting next to a Bhutanese monk, an Afghan software engineer and a Vietnamese student. Everyone is happy. Multiculturalism is a good thing.
I can barely remember what some people from my past look like. Is this what getting old feels like or is it down to concussions?
We commented adversely upon the imbecility of that telegraphic style. - Joseph Conrad.
I felt often its mysterious stillness watching me at my monkey tricks, just as it watches you fellows performing your respective tight ropes
I am getting approached by more racists in the street or on the train. Somehow they think I will agree with their lunacy and stupidity.
My view from the train. http://t.co/JUWpLGNKYo
Well at least they have given up the pretence of balance and moved to calling a spade an alarmist spade. http://t.co/0b2BpSWY8A
You would think in a place like Melbourne they would think to buy trains that work when water falls from the sky.
I have an alias to gerp in bashrc that returns grep in reverse.
What kind of moron configures ldap to limit passwords to a maximum of 10 characters?
I find it rather strange to get police alerts about armed robberies in cities I have never visited but here I am. #technology
It is only worthless flesh bags that smoke on railway platforms.
Do you know how it feels when solitude's a blessing?
Propaganda is war, and war is a show. And the show is on sale.
Why is none of the music I want to buy available in my region?
Council started tree lopping at 6:30...
Don't try and tell me you aren't facing the issue of what to call a seven sided shape right now.
Why is it a heptagon and not a septagon?
I've just compiled vim on Windows. It feels so wrong and so right at the same time.
Writing code on a Friday night after putting the noisy person to bed. Is this really what life has become?
Another assignment done. Massive weekend. Study, family, landscaping, cleaning, fixed the roof...
Who actually pays Gerard Henderson for his bullshit?
Submitted my first formal essay in a few years. I am not expecting a stellar score from it.
Some people need to know they are loved and I hope I have impressed upon those whom must know it.
Consciousness rising out of disparate states.
Metro is huffing kittens with it's claim of 92% punctuality. Every time the weather is rain, fog or not 20°C my train is delayed. #ptv
Found some spyware. It was using 35GB of 3 hdds. What the fuck could they be recording that takes up that much space?
Saturn completes an orbit of the sun before most people pay off their mortgages.
I really love open source router software. I can make them do obscenely silly things that commercial grade equipment can't even do...
I have seen the future and this is how it begins.
Doing tax and trying to put a baby to sleep... at the same time.
Does anyone know how much http://t.co/VLK7VF9jKn cost us? I think it is possibly the worlds most expensive turd.
I hope the police aren't just hovering over watching me garden http://t.co/Vu4fEZrz14
All everyone talks about is the great lummox. No one ever thinks of the lesser lummox, the speckled lummox or the rare blue throated lummox.
I now have a .edu email address.
An old map from before WW2 and after 1932. http://t.co/lMxcueuLEG
I think today's train had an existential crisis and decided it was really a hummingbird
A jaw so big it can only be described as prehensile
Trolololo lo lololo
Took turnip into the office for a bit of socialising.
I really enjoy foggy days. I know the rest of you hate the bleak coldness but I love it.
The 7:25am train on this particularly cold morning is surprisingly full.
Dear @amazon please start selling large, physical items on your Australian site and not just higher priced ebooks.
What a shit referee.
I've been hungry but not enough to kill, boy.
English, as a language, should borrow more words from Dutch. I am taking 'gehakt' and I am not giving it back.
All social science disciplines would be much better if their speculants knew and understood more mathematics. Your numbers are bunk.
May I remind you all, I am not here to be polite.
Orange, fake tanned people scare the shit out of me. Pure horror.
"15 thing that you..." no, wait, shut the fuck up. No one wants to read your clickbait, regurgitated bullshit.
Twitter seems to have become a place where people just talk about watching TV.
Egypt seems to have given up on this freedom thing and is hurtling towards Saudi style dictatorship.
Home sweet home
Why are there so many hipsters out in the morning?
I am certainly a nerd. http://t.co/V1BvCx5E6M
What I want to know is if @TurnbullMalcolm went on 730 earlier would they have restarted this area sooner?
Back on the under construction list for the NBN. Huzzah!
Made a bit of a mess painting and now I have a hand like a chromer.
被请去喝茶
There are no valid reasons for a file manager app to require camera access, location information and other app UI access.
A friend is making a dystopian web comic. I implore you to read it as it is rad: http://t.co/tkNAKfZO3W
Why are there no large lads named Kenneth? There is a pun I have been waiting years to use.
Dude on the train is cranking out U2 through his headphone to impossible levels. It's ok though because he is already deaf.
I won't encourage my daughter to go to university in Australia after the recent education changes. Better, cheaper unis abroad. #Budget2014
People are all slow. Cattle move faster than this hence sheeple do not exist.
I really do love watching a professional troll lay down the smack square upside the head of a deserving target.
Two random variable names I have written tonight: "popularCart" and "limitedMatrix"
A core issue with digital music is the lack of cover booklet. I can tell this song is French but my French is awful so no decyphering lyrics
Things you can't have in Australia: https://t.co/uVALBtW8rF
I have figured out a sufficiently interesting and valuable weekend project. More info to follow over the next few weeks then prototype.
#BF4 rented servers have the same problem as bf3 servers, arsehole admins who kick you cause you killed them.
Honest question, who buys things online at 6am? I can see they are coming from Australia but I don't understand why...
Hmm so much for that ssd working. It passes your diagnostics but won't respond to SMART. Umm, that diagnostic is rubbish...
There has never been a better time to start a loss-leading infrastructure company. Pay no tax and get a big handout. #Budget2014
Emigrate if reelected. #ThreeWordBudget
Video sites with heavy traffic cookie and analytics usage concern me. Keeping tabs on everything we watch is never a good idea...
Power outage but only some houses in the street. Fuses are fine but smart meter thing is off
Facebook friend of friend encouraging votes for KAP with a display picture of him saluting a picture of Kim Il-Sung.
Also, I missed my train by 16 seconds.
Rubbish can teach us interesting things. TIL microwavable ddeokbokki (떡볶이) exists and that someone threw it half-eaten to the ground.
Somebody is reading the same book as me on the train. Have I really become one of 'them'?
I am worried that the future of news is regurgitated articles from elsewhere, expanded tweets and shitty infographics.
Liberal MP on abc "$191 billion dollar debt that will be $125 billion if we do nothing". Great quote.
I can't believe someone didn't like Battle Royale because it didn't have "a political edge like The Hunger Games"...
It is interesting how the same names continually pop up in the #qanda twitter comments. Anyone done any analysis on them? Who has the most?
It's funny when graphic designers try place a globe looking at the pacific. #graphicdesignfail
The age of entitlement is over unless your name is Gina.
It's 11°C here and feels quite nice. Harden the fuck up, Australia
Why isn't Joe Hockey delaying when he and his colleagues can collect their particularly generous parliamentary pensions until after 70?
Fear of wind turbines needs additional funding and study. It affects Australia's treasurer in ways that cause him to fear vigorous towers.
Why does a pensioner need a 4 bedroom family home? It should be means tested.
Youtube numbers station? https://t.co/lse6Bf92SF
Using robocopy for the first time ever. It is definitely the poor man's rsync but it is doing it's job, for now.
96% of used HDD space on this computer is steam. Kinda surmises what this computer is used for.
Train is full by Australian standards but we really could get a few more people and goats in there.
I find advertising is getting more and more invasive. Next time I get really pissed off about an ad I am going to do something destructive.
Last of my summer crops. http://t.co/4QO8JpgY9N
