Solo q got so bad I'm levelling up my level 8 account
Is it bad I want to play runescape right now
Lmfao Donald fucked up heavy . Gave his side chick so much publicly
You gotta look super unwelcoming on the bus so no one try's to sit beside you
Ok so Westbrook has the scoring title locked up unless James Harden goes god mode tonight
Lmfaooooooo https://t.co/bIdySQC0yX
Last day of NBA regular season . @okcthunder  @Raptors here we go boys . Good luck !
Makes me miss Americas best dance crew. That show was hype
Now I just dress like a bum .
A young nigga was just tryna get some McDonald's
Lmfao just got stopped by the cops outside my crib
I'm starting to watch Vikings but in not sure if I like it
I have faith thunder will beat the wovles but idk if the Spurs will beat the pelican if they rest their starters
Wish my computer was strong enough to handle a couple new real time strategy games or the newest battlefield .
You get all 140 characters and the quote
New quote tweets are actually hype .
That gif  https://t.co/xJKAnnwa2K
Lol I played so bad yesterday I'm kinda scared to start up some solo q today
Offset comes the hardest IMO out of all the migos
The drake remix is fire but the migos kill that track IDC.
Of course outkast makes good music  https://t.co/EggtwDC5UL
All I was saying that Versace dropped with out drake so much before the remix came out
Some Nigghas bro
Fire*
Yrn1-2 still first
Yall niggahs need to respect the migos
Lmfao
And if they do , can the Spurs bench still pull out at win .
So say okc and New Orleans wins too . Do the Spurs rest their starred in their game vs NO on Wednesday
Lol I actually just leave @Imaqtpielol stream playing when I got to class so I don't have to re set it up when I'm back
Shiptur is still really good but I feel like mid would be the weak point of the team .  But just a dream
A World Cup style league tournament would be unreal . Team canada with Zion top , wild turtle adc, shiptur mid , sheep sup and porpoise jg
So many Canadians in the LCS I fucking love it
Just found out @ZionSpartan is canadain , guess I'm a clg fan now 2 #WeTheNorth
Zion played on ggu? Or was that balls ?  https://t.co/nVyinV9nrd
I think it's cuz  I @'ed them for losing to clg cuz it tied them with tsm for first :p
Lmfao @TeamDignitas got mad at some of my tweets then . http://t.co/fH2qNHlviS
I'm pretty sure @Imaqtpielol has a bigger fan base then @TeamDignitas league team.
After the relegation matches I wanna see a @dCorejj  vs @Imaqtpielol 1v1 on all the adc's on stream
I wouldn't sleep with any females for a year if I could be master level Elo with the talent to match
Goal is to make it to diamond before September  but I have a better chance at having a three some
And yes I dropped all my classes that had exams this year so no exams for me
Summer time loving
But yo I'm done my 4th year uni, got one more year left cuz I partied to hard in first year
And vice versa for you
Like what I mean is say me and this girl are friends for 2-3 years . She has just seen to much and knows to much :p
It's definitely hard to be friends with someone then start dating , like at this age .
Seeing small gains already , can't wait to see the progress by the end of the summer
Twitter is stupid funny sometimes
