Cadets directing traffic Goulet at Tache. Lights out
Keewatin stall clear. No lineup
Ellice/Furby just cleared
North bound Keewatin at Burrows stalled vehicle. Big delay
Ellice Furby crash cleanup. 1 lane each way
3 vehicle crash delay south bound Main at Leila.
Predictable drive times....although East bound Portage approaching Sherbrook a bit slow.
Stall at northbound St Mary's at Tache now in bus Lane. 2 through lanes open. Lineup improving
Dead car north bound St Mary's at Tache' . Lineup already
4 trains just cleared Waverley
Portage and queen street clear
Dad car eastbound portage Avenue egg Queen Street Ctr., Lane
Easy drive so far.
East west no problem on Canada Way but no south bnd access to Sturgeon due to smashed vehicle and emergency crews
North bnd Lag by Windsor Park / St Boniface way slower than norm
Great weather and light safe traffic so far
Gas sticking at 90.4 plus assorted scattered discounts
Kenaston crash clear.
Re gas price. Many at 90.4 and 86 cents at Costco-Regent Ave West location.
Big Big delay North bound Main approaching Riverglen. Hearing a very short green cycle...backed up almost to Chief Peguis
West bound Portage at Cavalier. Crash. Just one lane closed. Small delay
Gas price down to 90.4 at many outlets
Crash. North bnd Kenaston Btwn Grant and Corydon . Big delay
Big delay South Bnd St Mary's Rd. approaching Bishop Grandin. Right lane. Dead truck. Also affecting DUNKIRK.
Big delay southbound is St. Mary's Road heading to Bishop
Gas prices 91.9 with a few at 90.4
North bound Main near Shooters crash. No longer any delay
Major crash delay multiple rescue vehicles northbound Main Street by shooters golf course
Major crash delay northbound Maine by shooters golf course
Bishop St Mary's now clear
Minor crash bad spot eastbound Bishop at St. Mary's Road right Lane
Injury Crash eastbound Corydon at Borebank http://t.co/sTHoceg89q
Crash east/west delay  CORYDON / Burbank http://t.co/o3J0sBWdqk
East bound Corydon blocked by injury crash at Campbell
Eastbound Coridan Avenue blocked by a crash
Portage at Smith clear
East Bnd Portage at Smith hydro truck left lane
Crash Eb Fermor right lane blocked and SB beaverhill blocked entirely.. Suv hit a light standard
A little haze in and around Winnipeg
Gas up to 97.9 at a few locations
Slow train east perimeter and Ravenhurst
Big delay eastbound Logan at princess left lane dead car
Northbound main clear at Selkirk
Northbound the main delays fire truck across two left lanes at Selkirk
Sherbrook approaching Portage slower than usual. Extra lane closures
Nice to see gas prices staying at 91.9 most outlets plus scattered discounts
Big east bound Portage delays just past Maryland. 2 right lanes closed
Expect east bound Portage delays just past Maryland. 2 right lanes closed
