At the pizza place in Biggar. The mayor runs the place!
Silly thing I may have done today: taking bike to a wand-wash and leaving my seat on while washing it. It results in a wet ass.
Kids running a lemonade stand at Landsdown and 11th #YXE. Popcorn and books too.
The song/reading from Exodus at Easter mass really, really reminded me of the singing in Two Corpses Go Dancing.
40k indoor bike ride = sweaty shirt +7k run = friction = sore nipples.  #RunningProblems why didn't I wear nipguard.
Beaver! http://t.co/l1I6lKOdGp
Well honk honk to you too Mr Goose. Honk. Honk.
Holy cap,  just saw 9 police cars racing down College Drive with lights and sirens. Cannot be good.
Run today: nice weather - good, splashed by car - not so great, hi-five from random stranger - good. All told, good run.
Two slashed tires is not a great way to start a Sunday. At least it's biking weather out. #NotAwesome
Baguette swordfight with @jliska today just off Broadway on 10th Street. Onlookers seemed amused.
I must not allow perfect to be the enemy of done. But I also must not let done be the enemy of excellent.
Dear fire stain: you don't have to go home,  But you can't stay on the piece in trying to polish.
Dear fellow drivers: using your wipers alone  is not enough. Brush off your damn car.
5 stalls, 6 urinals, 6 sinks, and only 2 hand dryers. WTF? Anyone see the choke point in the system here?
I really wish there was some kind of law that prohibited political parties from quoting each other out of context in their smear campaigns.
I shrieked aloud like a little kid when the stranger in front of me bumped my phone from my hand and it started rolling across the floor.
Dear brain: please shush up now.  I would like to go to sleep and you are not helping.
Oh good, another form rejection letter from Saskatoon Police. I'm pretty sure I would have been an awesome recruit. #heartbreaking
Today I keep winning conversations--by accident.
Perfect timing at SuperFresh Asian Market this morning: still hot pineapple buns. Win.
And I just melted an hour's work. #whatawaste #NotAwesome
Never managed to bend a drill bit like that without breaking it before.  Praise to appropriate devine figure.
I love breaking up frozen over puddles, especially the hollow ones. #ChildAtHeart
It's all fun until your setting bur goes out of control and gouges the hell out of an earring that was almost done. #ICanFixThat
Won my first 5k race today... Of course it was only a small fun run, but I'm counting it as a win.
Yesterday: yet another Pi day where we tried to go for pie, only to find we couldn't.
And things were going so well until the solder seam split in one of the pieces I'm working on... I didn't want to finish it anyhow. Sigh.
My point is: People must be free to express their own beliefs.  Not told what beliefs they are allowed to have. #pmdresscode
