I'm never believed in because I always lie. I always lie because I'm never believed in.
Ma'fukers just trying to get their grade 12.
Kik?
"Sleep"
#2deep http://t.co/PyubmnbNe4
You want me to put the weights back where they belong?!? Sorry, I'm from Goodlife we don't give a fuck.
Sorry world, I'm just angsty and burnt out.
My insomnia might seem trivial but its becoming destructive and irremediable.
I just woke up from a 14 hour sleep after being awake for 2.5 days, the hallucinations are unpleasant.
Not much can get me more hyped than my old wrestling playlists.
Extreme Makeover: Home Edition makes the hardest guys soft.
http://t.co/jpyf3GghBo
Have you seen my serratus? It was sculpted by the gods.
Freestyle bodybuilding.
I'm mostly into hardcore Japanese stuff.
Existentialism is knowing that your capabilities exceed understanding nerve impulses and the combination of symbols.
They love the taste of blood, I don't know what that means but I mean it.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? 

Follicle Stimulating Hormone(FSH)!
Na na na Na na na na Na na na na na na
Cant English must dance
This shot will bring me to my final stage
Lost help
So many selfies
Humans aren't designed to be happy. 
https://t.co/ag8JTOntu4
Hey I'm not your step dad, I'm just the guy that fucks your mom.
"You can't vape in here"
"But I am..."
I have a bad habit of waking up at least once a day.
I was told to find quotes that describe me... Can I quote my own twitter?
What have I gotten myself into with bio 30. I didn't even take bio 20
All I can think about right now http://t.co/AJtY5mj5ls
Bowling would be better if it was hockey http://t.co/cqIg7Kxv7B
They're mother fucking peanut butter and jealous.
Guy knocks my drink outta my hand cause he thinks I stole his draft,tonight's gonna be good
If you don't drink 12 drafts when you walk into cowboys you're a pussy
School's just a thing I do in between drinking until my DJing career takes off.
Years of refinement to make this machine Im gonna use it to the best of my abilities
My body as my armor will protect my brain from bruising
My WiFi is better outside in my car than in my bedroom....
Her pussy bald like Caillou #LilB
Erik said I look small :'( fuk u mono
I absolutely love bombing it down Glenmore.
I'm having difficulties holding conversations with people now that I have glasses, mostly because they look uglier.
I learned how to make mustard gas.
If you don't puke after squats you're doing it wrong.
Do my short shorts scare you? They should.
Someone play Trivia crack with me
