People say fuck money when they have it. People also say fuck money when they don't.
I'm waiting for a girl like you to come and save my life.
I'm waking up...I feel it in my bones
Pain without love
Heaven or Hell is for the rich or poor.
She's good from far but from good. Possibly a goalie for the dart team.
Baby I'm amazed at the way you love me all the time
Are you ready for? ready for?...the perfect storm the perfect storm.
Goodnight Calgary
Being positive is an amazing feeling.  For me it comes and goes though.  #bipolar
You say save yourself.  I say one day one of you will save my life.
I'm not anti-social... I'm just tired of the people.
http://t.co/wXtCtzF1av
#AprilFools.  That's no joke
Two words.  Robin Williams
And if you're head explodes many years too soon...I'll see you on the dark side of the moon
Its gotta be tough to fill the role of John Stewart.
I don't update you on the latest news or blogs or technology but this is my account and it all relates to me from my experiences
No worries. I'm medicated
I apologize I don't act professional on Twitter but Facebook knows me.
Earn followers by letting them realize you aren't exactly normal
Who the fuck buys followers..... Honestly
David Grohl is my hero.  Justin Timberlake is my idol
Have a good day Calgary
The rich have Scientology.  The poor have McDonald's #TomCruise
Cigarette daydream by cage the elephant.  New favourite
Ain't no rest for the wicked money doesn't grow on trees I got bills to pay I got mouths to feed ain't nothing in this world is free
People disappear all the time.  Magic.
Truth is we all deserve what we get.  We should all be in with that and carry on my wayward son
#WillFerrell  you are hands down the only man that can make me laugh.  #thanks
I highly recommend watching comedy central presents Pablo Francisco.  Very popular in my college days
Celebrities are you're angels.  You have to really impress one so you can be happy like them.
The other day it was World Bipolar Day.  We should reserve that day for Robin Williams.
Its true the poor expect handouts and blame society for being broke.  I'm not one though I just expect someone to secretly take me away.
I joke about being broke but in all reality I'm just highly jealous of wealthy successful rich businessman who run the world.
My savings account. http://t.co/sG6EIdxB5q
