Does Newcastle have Uber yet?
"Man accuses girlfriend of sleeping with the entire Wu-Tang Clan on TV show Divorce Court" - Sometimes http://t.co/OgGFDa2cY4 is great.
Seemingly people only reply to @MatthewGuyMP tweets to complain about being blocked. Mr. Guy, tear down this (digital) wall! #springst
Update: things took a horrible last minute turn for the worse on the seating front and I don't want to talk about it.
#BREAKING I am very close to winning the "don't sit next to me" game on my flight this morning. Stay tuned.
My iPhone is very confused. Nicki Minaj has been assigned the Force Fed Nine album art.
.@michaelobrienmp @abcnewsMelb Why the hell are you obscuring the core issue to make a cheap political point? Precise number is immaterial..
First DST ended. Now, this.
I have suffered a crushing defeat at the avocado stand in Kensington Safeway.
Yours Faithfully, NWS shareholder and self-arrogated media watchdog, Chris Jervis.
Andrew Bolt, however, has grown beyond unpalatable and is a plight on the credibility of News Ltd as a news organisation. He has to go.
I fiercely support the expression of controversial opinion when it is based in fact and in the spirit of issuing legitimate public debate.
Anyone who went to the IPA luncheon with Joe Hockey yesterday. Did they serve veal? #auspol
Siri, block out 90 minutes for "laying down and drooling on myself" after my dentist appointment.
She's correct about emphasis on research. Should extend to dementia, as part of comprehensive mental health and aging strategy. #qanda
Old fire hair is right on the front foot about research #qanda
Thin-skinned @MatthewGuyMP sticks fingers in ears as reflex to mild criticism. Imagine if he was Premier? #springst http://t.co/rfZVfZDdTV
Is my distaste for compiling Harvard-style bibliographies so great that I am shopping for cups &amp; saucers at 1:30am instead? Decidedly, yes.
#KoolMints
Cantankerous Twitter user/ex Premier Jeff Kennett tweets Victorian Attorney General to congratulate people of NSW on state election result
Currently waiting for pizza and number of votes counted to start reaching 5% #nswvotes
Hear Hear, @billshortenmp. Welcome home @PeterGreste. #qt
Our tax dollars are being spent paying these people to jump up and down over trivial questions about unparliamentary remarks #qt #auspol
From someone who appreciates snark of the highest order, Bill Shorten is on fire today. #qt #auspol
Media not being the target of metadata retention law is irrelevent. Journalists must be unassailable to perform their important role #auspol
Sane response by @PeterGreste to Peter Harcher's question about site-blocking #NPC
I dedicate this burrito to a hard day of reading about Sham Contractor legislation and lifting kegs.
Calvin has a fight with cashier at local Grill'd over their substituting dijonaise for mustard. May be banned now. #BREAKING
I just looked at photos of sinkholes on Google Images for 30 minutes instead of finishing this essay. Current mood: inefficient.
I blame my propensity toward bouts of unrestrained yelling on watching so much #qt recently. AS IS MY DEMOCRATIC RIGHT.
Paul Murray on Sky spends a segment disparaging recently deceased Malcolm Fraser, then dubs people refusing to chat w/ cab drivers "nasty".
The absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.
Vale Malcolm Fraser #auspol
On that note, I should have been asleep hours ago
All the best sports air on high numbered cable channels at 1:45am
FYI; News Limited is still getting great milage out of the clip-art they licensed in 1991 for use in congratulatory classified ads.
"Madball and Cable News: What The Hell Is Wrong With Me?" An introspective essay by Chris Jervis.
Metagate in a nutshell:"It's not about protecting journalists. It's about protecting the people who have the courage to talk to journalists"
A brave performance by @DannyPearsonMP in parliament today. Anyone who stood witness saw this man's palpable passion for a better tomorrow.
Kate Carnell's incessant cackling is ruining my lunch #npc
I should probably buy a winter coat that doesn't make me look like i'm an extra from that Fury of Five music video
Tony Abbott on Sky right now has the same demeanour as Rainman counting cards. #auspol
Plan for tonight: 1 Celebrate success by eating this burrito. 2 Head to Ding Dong to celebrate success/not spilling food on self (tentative)
SHUT UP MARK LATHAM
A+ letter to the Prime Minister by @DanielAndrewsMP, Premier of Victoria and Minister for Snarky Communication.
Will the contraction of the Australian automotive industry cause Ian Macfarlane problems in obtaining spare parts for his voicebox?
Will @JoeHockey pro-rata adjust his wage to account for time spent suing the media, rather than fixing cripplingly poor consumer confidence?
Very few things have given me as much joy as The Simpsons. Thanks for giving it to us. RIP Sam Simon.
I wish procrastination really was my middle name. Then I could blame my parents for how badly I'm failing to get through all this reading.
I can't believe I wasted so much money on university, when I could have just educated myself by reading the factoids underneath Snapple lids
...on the corner of Collins and Elizabeth Streets, screaming "Why?" to a god which surely does not exist.
As rain begins to fall, signaling the end of another underwhelming summer, you can see a 26 year old Melbourne man fall to his knees...
This entire season of House of Cards will cure my post-SW narcolepsy. That, or it will make it worse.
I'm currently experiencing many emotions.
Pray for Jerv
Friends with heavy rigid licenses who could drive a 25 seater vehicle for Soundwave today and/or tomorrow - Email me: chrisxjervis@gmail.com
When will it be year of the rat again?
I'm trying pay attention to the Toll Holdings takeover, but this guy on Sky News has terrifyingly long eyelashes. That's right. Terrifying.
"The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is."
Producers of a drama about being sued by Gina Rinehart, are sued by Gina Rinehart over imputation that Gina Rinehart is always suing people.
Getting scooped at the dinner table, social media and the decline of traditional news readership. Read all about it: http://t.co/BswcwofjMn
Shark Tank Episode 2. Please bring back the guy from Toowoomba.
Today is a good day.
If nobody captured the episodes during the 30 minutes they were available, I will be VERY DISAPPOINTED in the internet bootlegging community
#BREAKING: THE NEW SEASON OF HOUSE OF CARDS HAS LEAKED
How do you say "you're ruining public transport for me" in Esperanto?
ICYMI: The Liberal Party is weathering an insurgency by FREEDOM HATERS who HATE DEMOCRACY. #auspol http://t.co/J8mo40bF4x
Joe Hockey, you pompous jackass #auspol #qt
Great/terrible news, friends. I now have a website. Check it out and check it out often: http://t.co/4Te0Zdu2Ng
FXJ buy a seat next to HuffPost to eat their own lunch. Tense news for staff at establishment news brands! http://t.co/kYF5EtXiXz
Capricious small business tax cut II: this time, we're not even being discrete about buying votes. #auspol
Current forecast is eating this whole Pizza, with a high chance of Slurpee.
Let's just ride out this debacle and do it the right way. #KICKTHISMOBOUT #auspol
Westminster system aside, the PM is best changed at election, or returned with a fresh mandate.
That guy has brought shame on Toowoomba #SharkTankAU
Pre #SharkTankAU Tweet. Don't miss this. @channelten
Shut up Dennis Rodman
What you lose in audio fidelity, you'll gain through the benefit of a lack of viral mockery.
Vis-a-vis #imStickingWithTony misfire; When will conservatives learn that social media belongs to the progressive left? Stick to AM radio!
The only thing worse than @theage unironically using the word "Twitterati" is the Oxford Dictionary having a definition for it. RIP humanity
Said as someone with a weird love for 80s and early 90s low budget videos made on camcorders, The Meanies are killing it on Rage right now.
Friday: @xstux618 emotionally says "God, I wish I could play this" as the pan-flute heavy song starts during the end credits of Rainman.
Oh, cool. They just found A FOREARM in the river near my house. First that double murder down the street, now this...
Hell is sharing a baggage carousel with another flight from Maroochydore #boganbonanza
The people of Boothby demand certainty about their tax dollars continuing to fund inter-tribal mud-slinging @asouthcottmp @HamiltonSmith
If @asouthcottmp's pal MT becomes PM &amp; he returns to cabinet, will he have time to pen nasty letters about @HamiltonSmith to constituents?
Let's not kid ourselves that any leadership change is a dream result for Australia. A bad situation gets marginally better, at best.
Parties on the spectrum of self interest are not good for the nation. We need a government of fair, equitable goals &amp; pragmatic execution.
Malcolm Turnbull is no idiot, but in our Westminster system of government, cutting the head off the beast won't necessarily kill it.
ATTN: Mortgaged homeowners and Joe Hockey. Interest rate cuts actually mean the economy is rotten. Just a friendly reminder.
ATTN: Network overlords. I'm ready for House Of Cards to come back.
Kickstarter to get Ian Macfarlane a lozenge
Life's too long to do small, unimportant, mediocre things. My gen. will probably live to 105. Can you imagine being bored for a century?
Given some recent personal events, all this impotent governance is at least slightly personally offensive.
Tax cuts in general in the post-GFC period seem void of sanity and driven by ideology.
Will a 1.5% tax cut really fix the small business skew in the corporate insolvency rate? Poor consumer confidence seems more relevant.
#NPC highlight: Mark Kenny's "cheeky question" on Abbott carbon tax rhetoric being a middle finger to knife wielding bête noir, Mal Turnbull
Tony Abbott knighthood for services to the Colac Pub #auspol
EWLink wouldn't be an issue if the Vic Libs hadn't capriciously signed contracts for a contentious project &amp; sent it to an election #auspol
Monday: The PM addresses the National Press Club &amp; Campbell Newman settles into his new routine supporting local netball and suing the media
No doubt the Newman government was unpopular, but it's foolish to think that federal voting intentions weren't expressed in Queensland swing
Yes you can thank the union movement, A-Pal.
Optional preferential is messing with my instincts, but assume a reasonable GRN to ALP pref flow &amp; things are looking grim for the QLD LNP
Congratulations to Grace Grace for both your likely election to the Queensland parliament and... Y'know... The name thing.
George Brandis basically just screamed a teary "LEAVE CAMPBELL NEWMAN ALONE" at Richo on Sky
