had a dream I met 5h lmao :(
unfortunately, i don't really have much time on my hands these days. it sucks. otherwise, i'd love to learn more and i'd put effort into it.
know next to hardly anything about them, or at least not explicit details. i really want to read more and i have no excuse because internet&gt;
i feel kind of hypocritical that i post a lot and am trying to raise awareness about the armenian, assyrian, and pontic genocides but i &gt;
everlasting love and we know are such jams damn
This is so disgusting. https://t.co/Iv45COTObL
i've been able to find a bunch of stuff on the armenian community in lebanon which is really cool
It looks so ugly http://t.co/TrvJu3Vynh
Toronto seems like such a rad city. Too bad it's cold
Scratch that, it's 30 degrees. Pretty much a summer's day.
Last night was windy, rainy, and cold. You wake up today and it's sunny and warm with a top of 25 degrees.
ruby by 21p is such a cute song lol
i really wish regional at best was available on spotify
me: *looks at splendour line up* not bad.... *looks at location* nevermind
i actually still want to sort of move to london one day or just visit so i can become a london queen
the religious undertones to 'isle of flightless birds' are so strong
did i just blacklist everything related to the u.s. elections on tumblr? you bet i did.
Shadows will scream that I'm alone, but I know that we've made this far, kid.
http://t.co/KydOcgSu7Q
wanna be a cool dad like pete wentz one day
I'm still waiting on a Sydney snapchat story because then it'll be my time to shine ✨
I wonder if being short keeps the youth in you
ah i hate that there's no shirt+cd bundles like they did for paramore. i don't want to pay $50 when the only thing i want is the shirt n cd
helping people with their assignments is my form of procrastinating
#ConservativeManifesto thought this said Communist Manifesto
unfollow sprees are good for the soul.
in other words, there is no conversation happening in the first place for them to even text back
tfw you wait for someone to text back but you know they never will because you're too stubborn to text first
i'm laughing so hard bye https://t.co/KTVutwEWFv
oh my god taylor looks so hot https://t.co/1OtQ7gyLsX
So weird how ten years ago, none of us would have ever thought we'd be using Apple devices as phones.
my tumblr dash is just debates about the U.S. Presidential election......how annoying
omg I laugh so much at @fuIIspeedahead's snapchat stories
Tonight was actually really fun :)
My Top 3 #lastfm Artists: Twenty One Pilots (24), Fifth Harmony (24) &amp; Mashrou' Leila (21) http://t.co/XG6qOpqmSa
Is the U.S. presidential election this year or next year? If it's next year, isn't it too early for all this campaigning?
If the pope can recognise the Armenian genocide as a genocide, then surely so can the rest of the world. Still waiting.
you can finally quote RT on web twitter, nice.
when is netflix going to update the fosters with the rest of season 2
I haven't really done much today....
I woke up two hours ago, and I have no idea what to do with my day. I hate waking up early when I have nothing planned.
This is such a rad song! https://t.co/oxDvWGBFoh
Listening to Relient K for the first time in aaaaagessss.
i live in a house of shayateen, i swear to god.
also why can't I edit a Pali flag into my name or bio. that's so rude twitter...
I feel like I'm the only one not into Kpop lol
🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸 does it work...
when will emoji add a palestinian flag tho
i admire those who have their priorities in order. i, on the other hand, do not.
when is nj's next album coming out
my assignment deadline got extended to next friday. god is truly great !
These emojis are seriously so cute though like look at this octopus 🐙
New Emojis means I finally get to do THIS 🇮🇱💩
it's so weird referring to 2013 as "two years ago". it still feels like a few months ago in some cases.
I just realised I could take Panorama photos with my phone. So cool.
Why are people so surprised about Drake? I mean, it was only time...
just like any other guy https://t.co/aJjxXbJzbC
did camila really just tweet mcr lyrics...omg
Zionists: why do anti-zios not call out other countries for supporting palestinians badly? why do they hate israel so much?
she's the tear in my heart - take me higher, than i've ever been
the bridge to tear in my heart is actually the cutest thing, i can't get over it
surprisingly tonight i am motivated to do assignments
Hung out with my sister today. Went shopping. It was really fun
Why can't I no longer play music outside the app? @Spotify, fix this please
i'm glad i am not the only one on my timeline feeling the cold tonight. winter is back.
Have almost two weeks off for uni because most of our classes are cancelled for this week. Thank God.
My sister: Put Worth It on next
Me: Not in front of the kids, sweetie (:
Hate reading about Yarmouk... too heartbreaking.
So even though I accidentally broke one earphone, the other randomly decided to stop working. Screw you, @Apple.
Woke up to literal white supremacists and Nazis in my mentions. Yuck. Blocked.
"We need to reduce the number of children in detention" Yes, give them citizenship. #qanda
"we don't accept violence" abolish detention centres then, ya twit. #qanda
Omg Sydney your tweet made it hahaha
At the end of the day, a flag is just a piece of cloth. #qanda
Watching QandA... this should be interesting
. me and @fatema_h6 are going to say "bizmillah" over our food so it becomes halal. thanks for the tip, @PaulineHansonOz!
"my taste in music is your face" new pickup line thanks @tylerrjoseph
twenty one pilots is the type of band that reminds me that everything's going to be okay.
OMG THAT IS THE CUTEST SONG AND VIDEO EVER
tyler and josh are my two precious sons
just heard the preview of the new song. it's so different to what they've done before
is the new tøp song out yet
it's 2015, please let the concept of "monosexuality" go please n thank you
My Top 3 #lastfm Artists: Mashrou' Leila (32), The Maine (14) &amp; Fifth Harmony (14) http://t.co/XG6qOpqmSa
so weird when randoms tweet at you...
no offence but who let a bogan like pauline hanson run for politics
here's an idea for my birthday present: make me a /playlist of fifth harmony's covers and acoustic renditions of their songs pls &amp; thnx !
i want to buy myself and my sisters easter eggs on tuesday when it all goes on sale but i can't decide what to get.
More hilarious signs from Reclaim Australia... Stop White Genocide! Stop racist multiculturalism! Stop third world immigration! White pride!
"Halal funds terrorism" Yes, me eating a beef burger instead of a pork one funds terrorism. Such logic.
i usually throw earphones away after one stops working but the sound quality on this is just too good so...
ugh accidentally broke one of my apple earphones. it's only been two weeks, i swear. how annoying
Happy Easter to all those who celebrate!
