Holy Shit this shop smells like armpit &amp; ass !! #Boltmasters Do something about the personal hygiene guys..
You made that shit up.
Car horn. 

The Universal sound for Fuck You !!
I just ate a pizza that would blow your nipples off ! 

#Crust #Townsville
I'd like to put Queensland plates on my car but Queensland want to be cunts !
Your ass is flat like the earth.
Okay. The pizza shop I've been ringing is closed on Tuesday ! 
WTF ?? 

Is it a holy pizza day ?? 
Why they not make pizza on Tuesday.
CAN YOU KNIT !!
Ah fuck it. I'm going to go scrub some more windows.. because it's pretty transparent that twitter doesn't pay the bills.
I'm still mad at the ocean !!
I live directly under a Quantas flight path. 

I haven't slept since Anset.
I'm wearing a hat &amp; sunglasses in the dark. It's daytime mind you

What have you done with the sun ?? You stole it didn't you ! 

Bend over.
The dirty version of a frangipani is a flange a fanny !
Dick Beans.
No wonder they're not answering their phone.. they ain't even open yet !
#LaCucina the best fucking pizza !
An Australian compliment. 

He's alright that cunt !
Sorry I left a skid mark on your dinner plate but I couldn't hold it in any longer.
#KFC these chips taste like somebody pooped in the deep fryer !
Sit on my face Iggy !
Your face looks like my dick ! 
Wrinkly with a hole in it.
I clean you pay now. 

Spitballing business names for an ABN I have to register. 

Fav for fuck off with this shit !
RT for get fucked !
Names that ryme with St Johns Wart.

Mort. 
Bort.

That's it.
I got my end wet this morning.

Happy Friday !!
I left a big turd in the toilet for the plumber this morning.
Tupac forever !
My favorite thing is other people's balled up pubic hair in places I'd rather not clean.
Just going to rub massage oil on random people's ankles
Puma Finger. 

Sports wear for the irritable bowel athletes
My birthday wish is the same every year, the cancelation of #HomeandAway
You can't bring that in here ! 

I took my schnitzel too the pub.
I WAS BORN WITHOUT AN ASS
*Breaking news out of the UK*

Flames erupt from manhole ! 

Well they do like their curry..
Stop whinging about fuel prices this weekend people ! If you don't like it ride a bike.
Have you ever had sex with an Eskimo ? It's pretty cool !
I get mad at the sea sometimes
The one time of the year that it's Friday without it actually being Friday.
Cat left a gift outside our bedroom door this morning. 
Unfortunately #DonutKing don't exchange dead birds as payment for their coffee.
I bought myself some stiffy pots

No, no, jiffy pots sorry
Someone keeps Re Tweeting slutty selfies on my TL &amp; of course when I click on the link no Slutty selfies. 
@TopInventionss you spammy cunt !
Possession of a baby rabbit in QLD is illegal.
Now what am I supposed to get my girlfriend on Sunday !

Least romantic state ever..
Does the garbage man work good Friday ? 
All that stinky fish I'm worried about a cat apocalypse !
Do you not realize I've had diareas since easters.. 

Maybe I'm not cut out for dis cooking dutys

#NachoLibre
Highway to the danger zone plays when you're naughty.
I prayed for rain on Monday. 
Actually I asked the sky politely.
"please can we have some rain" 
It rained last night. 
#RainMan 
#Moisture
C'mon bro if you had any more tattoo's on your arms you'd have to change your name to Bic !
I hope that barcode tattooed on your back works because I'd be running it back threw the checkout for a return.
Just farted in Kmart.
FUCK YOU FREE TRADE AGREEMENT ! 

AND FUCK YOU TONY ABBOTT FOR LETTING IT HAPPEN !
At K-mart supporting the local economy... 
Yeah, let's see what cheap imported shit they have today.
Dems some pants you got on
If you call me cobber I'll assume you're a Bogan.
You think you're better than everyone else because you own an ironing board
You know how I know you're a bitch ? Because you didn't follow me back.
People think that I'm an asshole but they're the one's without toilet paper.
Your little sleeve tattoo on your arm is no match for my dragon tattoo on my dick !
The care factor on a Friday afternoon is like sitting in a bathtub that's a little bit too hot and burns your gentiles
Do you have a plane ?
The feeling you get on an aeroplane looking down upon the world, can't be replicated here at ground level, you have to be on a plane.
If only life was like a McDonald's slippery dip, it'd be all greasy and full of cholera
I'm just waiting for #Hooters to open in #Townsville we all know what we're going there for..
Do you ever just sit back and think WTF... we're no different to ants, just more advanced. 

*Adjusts balls*
People watching Google Box,  watching Google Box, watching Goggle Box.
Big milkers !
If you're going to follow 1000 people you might as well follow 5000. And if you're going to follow 5000 you might as well get a life.
Ah huh. 

You say this in agreement when asked multiple yes questions but you're still a little confused with the addition of a "huh" 

Huh?
If I become a born again Christian do I get to suck on some titties
Bosoms.
$300 for a pair of Oakley sunglasses.. You can shove that up your clacka OPSM !
Geeze those hair bun shapers are really rough on my penis.
Do you say ahh before your name when asked ?
Who would of thought fans were a seasonal item in North Queensland ! Got me all over town looking for a bloody desk fan..
Something very off putting about my doctor wearing crocs. I thought they were for people who had given up on life.
Mates don't let mates toss pancakes.
Beat the post man. 

Deliver it your damn self.
Lude confession Tuesday. 

I only came to Queensland for the free plastic shopping bags in supermarkets.
"Catching a breeze" is opening a Window when you take a shit.
Do I look like a person who has time to wait for butter to become spreadable !!
Um.. Excuse me #Glad but I went to tear off a piece of cling wrap &amp; you've moved the cutting strip to a really stupid spot! 
Please explain.
Nothing like a good bit of ear seepage to start the day
I've had 4 laxatives so fuckin LOOK OUT !
You shutta yo face like your mumma used to make
I have a sore fucking neck from sleeping in a turban ! 

No wonder Indian cab drivers use those bead seat covers, their backs must be rooted
Another rugby player had his head tackled into the ground. Diddums ! That's what you get for playing the stupid bloody game.
#RapidLoss. 

It's like a brazilian dance festival in my mouth.
I trimmed my pubes and shaved my balls and not one of the nurse's thanked me. 

I'm never getting out of this hospital..
Too many guns and not enough boomerangs ! 

Take note America.
Just another muppet politician.
What the fuck are you eating wheat for anyways ?? You know that shits only good for diabetes and feeding the neighbors sheep
Breet Lee does 16 Weet Bix because he's got a fat ass !
I have a large cotton bud sticking out of my ear. 

You can take off all your clothes now.
I had two Weet Bix this morning, how many do you do !
Looking forward to a bowel movement ! How long does it normally take after being anethatized ?
Why does your protein shake have to be so tasty ? Stop being such a wuss and bloody drink it !
These hospital pantaloons I hope I can can keep ! I never knew comfort like this.
Well, I had my ear operation, first surgery ever ! threw up twice from the anesthetic, but I'm feeling better. 

Hospital life.
I don't read books but I can give you a Dickens !
I DON'T GIVE A FUCK FOR YOUR RUGBY !
If you haven't paid rent since December you'll probably get your legs broken.
People still eat sandwiches ?
When life throws you pickles, throw a cucumber back.
She said she loves me 🌊🐎
A beautiful dragonfly for a beautiful dragon woman.
Invisible.
Become one with your surroundings. Invisible. Tropic life. http://t.co/wLab311vhj
Women always know.
Is it cold in here or is it just your massive nipples !
I'm going to buy myself a nice pair of jox.
It's okay to smell like shit every now and then.. especially when you mistakenly buy dynamic lifter lawn fertilizer.
I'll bet my Dutchess of York game is stronger than yours.
I've had a bag of cat shit in my boot for two days.
Finding the "right button" to press on a woman is like playing arcade Street Fighter and hoping like hell you've pressed the super combo !
Is it hot in Townsville today or have I died and gone to hell !
The suns like pretty hot, it's really hot. 

It's hot.
Everybody has gotta have a dream. Even if it is a nightmare.
Ants robbed my McDonald's cappuccino off me.
Money doesn't mean anything if you're enjoying life. 

Have you found your "One Thing" that makes you happy yet ? 

I have !
Shut up with your shit lady you got burned ! Get over it.
Does #KFC do coffee ? 

11 secret herbs and spices. One of them being Ebola.
Let the rain wash away your sins and your umbrella blow away in the wind.
Ejaculation like Niagara Falls last night and it wasn't from my nose.
I saw you buying condoms at the supermarket, your not fooling anyone.
Why do the people at the beetroot factory think it's okay to sell sliced beets instead of whole ?? 

I'll slice my own beetroot thank you.
Just witnessed a heavily pregnant woman smoking a cigarette.

People are dumb.
Less is always more when you don't give a fuck !
There's a Clive Palmer DVD stuck to the bottom of the rubbish bin. I think that's where it belongs.
Let the rain wash away your earlobes.
Don't go advertising bottles of water for $1 when I ask for one and you don't have any #HungryJacks !

Dick holes.
If you've got time to get out, write out a sticker, you've got time to move the bin over so you can access it ! 

Council has gone to shit.
I remember when the garbage men would empty your bins ! Not slap a sticker on saying "we couldn't access your bin today" 

lazy pricks.
Unless you are a woman no one wants to hear about what gets your juices flowing !
Stiff black nipples.
Infinity plus two Billie !
You can tell a lot about a person's mental state by the way they cut their birthday titty cake.
Ready for business.
Bought a suit, now I'm ready for business !
My tweets have been really dumb because I've been fucking myself stupid ! 

It's a win win really.
"Your mission if you choose to except it"

I never get these letters in the mail..
Things I never say. 

Honey, I'm not in the mood.
The things you say sometimes leave me breathless, but most times it's just when you fart.
Disregard the Chilli tweet.
For best results insert Chilli into rectum.
Ah fuck it.. idk
Need a woman's point of view. 

How long does it take to fall in love ?
Need a laugh ? 

Willy Bum Bum @YouTube
When people say they live for the weekend, it's because they work a shitty job all week. 

OMG Rapid Loss advert on !! 
#HugeTits
I can absolutely guarantee you that at some point in the near future you will step in dog shit ! As I did today wearing $200 Jordans.
Be water my friend.
Just as I suspected.
RT if you get lots of sex !
I too have now felt the sting of a broken phone screen. Two and a half years with this S2, dropped numerous times.. today it finally broke !
Make a good impression at your new workplace, and a possible extended weekend ( never to return) by turning off the cricket at lunch time.
Silver Linings Playbook was just Bradley Cooper running around in a garbage bag being followed by blow flies..
Are you having an affair with another vegetable !
New Year, new challenges.. you might not be where you wanna be, but look on the bright side. 

There's plenty of oxygen to go round.
I keep getting placed into employment where there is no actual work to do..
Boogies.
Found a drone in my under ware last night.. 

Obama this has got to stop !!
Saw an Asian lady push an egg into her vagina and lay it like a chicken on world movie's last night. 

Need more culture in my life..
Deodorant can and lighter ! Now that's a hair removal procedure you can count on.
Bit wet !!
Get off twitter ! Go out and get laid
Author-Eyes RT'ing shit onto my TL ! Favestar user's can fuck off with their forced RT's. 
You're only RT'ing the shit so they can RT yours.
If the first kiss is awkward you might want to try again, this time on the mouth.
At least have the decency to say 'though' instead of "tho" you uneducated half-wit !
Liposuction. Because you can't shut your pie hole
Takes photo of what I'm currently looking at, and posts on instagram.
Theme song from Baywatch plays when I walk on the beach
I'm going to skin this leather couch and make a foot stool out of it !
If you look closely you can see Miranda Kerr poking out of Orlando Blooms butthole ! 

#TheHobbit
3D has ruined this movie, It's too realistic, I can see everyone's digital watches.
The movie has only just started.. it's freezing in here ! I'm going to have to rub my nuts together and start a fire. 

#Hobbit
Have you ever slipped a finger in there by accident ??
These peanut M&amp;M's taste like sheep shit ! It's dark in this cinema so quite possibly I am eating sheep shit.
They call me 'Moisture' because I make everything wet !
