*sneeze*
Me: How dare you not say 'bless you', demons just escaped my body.
Flatmate: Nah, they ain't going nowhere.
Ok. #sleazefest2015 is done and dusted. I will resume my usual sanitary tomfoolery from henceforth. Move along.
There's nothing quite like seeing a man walk down the street with a big ass stuffed inside sweatpants. I tell ya what.
I am going to write something sleazy on this bird site. Please avert your optic skull holes now if you do not wish to read my #sleazytweets.
I should own a pub. I'd call it something like The Sniffle and Peep. Or The Stoat and Kazoo. The Bird and Bungler.
Typing an SMS and after 'do you want to go to the' my phone automatically assumes the next word will be pub, or names of my local pubs.
Facebook has completely ruined the Enter key for me, and for that I am as bitter as my fingers are fat.
http://t.co/HUhUz69ZiM "Sonny Bunch" your opinions are bad and you should feel bad.
Takin' pics like your Dad since 2015.
Got back to my hotel room, realised my blurry dumb thumb are in a lot of Ledgers photos. Ehhhhhn...
Bernard Caleo - the best emcee anyone could ask for. You could say he's *lowers sunglasses* berning down the house. http://t.co/MmHyQCbC8f
A very worthy winner of the Golden Ledger - the fantastic @Guhcomics! http://t.co/YrqPPMIBqX
Silver Award - Good on you, Gooch! Yay for Chris! http://t.co/yQ28locdX0
Good ass comics getting good ass awards http://t.co/kH03skzWDy
Winning, grinnin' and squishin'. http://t.co/XzjqbXwSWM
DAMN SON WHEN THIS SHIT COULDN'T GET COOLER THEY BRING OUT THE GODDAMN SMOKE MACHINE. http://t.co/Bk0AGuQpZb
Better pic of that magnificent artwork http://t.co/Ynk3FGdfMP
The Banshee and the Shipwright killing it at the Ledger Awards @Drivewesttoday http://t.co/itluWolS8M
The most Jetstar flight ever. The flight attendant spilt my beer on me then we all sang Happy Birthday to a woman named Cheryl.
I'm proudly wearing a winter poncho today and by God, The Mighty Boosh were right. I'm off my tits on happiness, haters.
Who decided to call it a Playboy Mansion instead of a Thot Pot
On the bus back to Adelaide and it literally smells like piss and chips, I wish I was dead.
According to my niece my laugh is as loud as fireworks. I don't think it was meant as a compliment but I think that's great.
I would give so much money to be pickled in vodka right now.
There's a prattling five year old behind me for 4 hours, and the Christian rock station will soon be replaced by a shitty G rated film.
Another year of going back to Loxton for the holidays on the bus, another year where I wuss out of smuggling booze on the bus.
I hear some 'bush people' even have houses with indoor plumbing now. Yeesh, look at who's getting too big for their Hard Yakka boots.
Yes, that's correct. I will spend my Easter boiling billy tea and sharing chocolate with the echidnas outside my sad khaki tent.
Nothing makes my eyes try to burn holes in a skull faster than when city people refer to the country as 'the bush'.
The world is my oyster. Get introverted enough, and I'll find my pearl. (Or one day they'll find lonely body eaten by the backyard possums).
Ah, well. I could build a blanket fort. Rearrange my book case. Even achieve my dream of learning to speak fluent Huttese.
Nothing like spending the third Sunday in a row indoors, except all my work for the day is finished and now I'm bored out of my skull.
This is may be my calling. My destiny. To be the Peggy Olsen of beer advertising.
Seriously though, as a beer woman through and through, where are the ads featuring women kicking back with a lager?
It's 2015 and I just became emotional because James Boag's made a beer ad that featured women front and centre in it.
Facebook, no. Facebook, why. http://t.co/3cUyjdQJuR
'One Directioners are so stupid', said the revheads through their tears as they cried for the Punchy Man who would no longer vroom vroom.
Oh well. Who needs to work in a lonely office when working from home = blankets, Netflix, and snacks?
I realised today that my two friends in my department will be finishing their theses soon and leaving, and it made me very sad.
I've realised yesterday I misspelled Silicon Valley as Silicone Valley, but you know what, I'm keeping it. Grubby techies in rubber hubs.
In short: http://t.co/EFpGXqceym
http://t.co/v07NLz8JJK
6. Matthew Thurber is clearly better than us slobby quadrupeds because while we were watching TV, he was at the library.
5. Promoting your art through Twitter and Tumblr is selling out to the MAN, man. Way to sell out by giving a beej to Silicone Valley.
4. You are only a true cartoonist if you are selling your artisanal zines on the artisanal streets of an artisanal U.S. city.
3. Random tangents about endangered weasel species... ?
2. Fine art is becoming too commercial because Jay Z raps about it. 😔
Here's what I've taken away from the article: 1. This man is *36* and yet feels qualified and compelled to lecture 'young cartoonists'.
Now I've made the mistake of clicking on this, today is the day for insufferable comics news on the internet: http://t.co/NtSAmfac4a
Everything about this announcement is just utterly insufferable. http://t.co/udLLEDA7jI
“Lighten Up” by Ronald Wimberly https://t.co/oSdCTYzo5u
One of the best feminists I knew at Uni is siding with 'nice guys' in an online post and my soul has up and died. Feed it to crows.
WHATEVER YOU DO, DON'T SEND A RESCUE PIG. I HAVE SEEN DEADWOOD. I KNOW DAMN WELL PIGS CAN EAT US AS QUICKLY AS WE EAT BACON STRIPS.
Or rather, send a Maine Coon cat with a rum barrel. The St Bernard might go Cujo and eat my stupid weak body.
Splitting headache, &amp; now have neck cramp due to an awkward raised arms stretch. Alone in the house. Someone send a St Bernard with booze.
Everyone please stop what you're doing and read @Gingerhazing 's TL for awesome and reasonable discussion about comics and criticism. Thanks
I want to start a club where all we do is sit around and match pizza to beer. Who wants to be in my club. It shall be a glorious club.
I didn't get to see Roxane @ Writers Week because SCHEDULES so this is kind of a substitute? But it's still trading a Kit Kat for Ovaltines.
I'm watching qanda for the first time in forever and I don't feel like punching the screen. A minor Monday night miracle.
10 great cartoonists you need to know: Celebrating International Women’s Day http://t.co/PsnVwFkAQJ via @TheAVClub
Happy International Women's Day! Xo
I'm usually a funny gif machine, but damn that book gives me 'the feels', as the kids say on Tumblr.
In the latest #blocalbum editor post I lay down some real talk about how much I love One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
