We polluted our far horizons, we sewered in our seas. Her beauty and her splendor, we gave away to the Japanese https://t.co/rmmstH3vus
Why do refs give "no try" calls on cowboys  which need proof to turnover, but "tfy" calls for other teams. No way Stewart was impeded
Pls be loud
How many Cowboys fans at the game?
Just got home from Cowboys game. What a great win. JT should be made a saint. What a great player and leader.
Ok, who put the smiles on our orange tree? http://t.co/hdkgLDXhsm
Can someone explain how the "video ref" can decide an off side yet can't rule a forward pass. F..... Rubbish
This ref has to have backed the panthers
I've just figured it out. These officials are snorting b4 the game
This is not the NRL I want to watch
They best pay this
If they can't be trusted to rule a forward pass, how could they rule an off side when video I saw has it as marginal at worst
That no try call was daylight robbery. The ref and video ref should be sacked
Politics to the back benches please, the NRL All Stars are about to start.
ABC suggesting " hung parliament".  Will there be a penalty shoot out? Or is there a golden point?
Perhaps Scott Morrissons initials are S.A.M. So he is S&amp;M from SS
Bring back the footy. Hurry. Please
Cake won't get past Ingham
Send me some Kat
Can any one knock Abbott off the stand
Now they allow a mongrel tackle from a pommie prick.the filth led with his head
I,m bristling, had chook for tea
http://t.co/5d3s2Mrnqt @LeagueWeek http://t.co/lkcoRxorkP
Tariq Sims cops a charge rating out of all reason. It was a tackle not a shoulder
I think there is something wrong with the Judicial rating of the charge against Tariq. Is this another example of the southern bias ?
Next friday is chicken night isn't it?
Time for KFRooster
So who is The Bigger Brother now?
JT.. Gotta love a champion...
Yes...MM u beauty,,,
Gees.. What did they swallow at half time.... Hi Kat
Oooopss...
Go Coops..great try
Bastards
Pay it....
never thought much of Jamie Soward but he won that game for Penrith tonight. Now for the real match, Ride'em Cowboys...
when the Bunnies do well the league is going well. Aren' they great tonight... Cowboys turn tomorrow.. Go great Cowboys
This dh belongs in a pine box, buried deep...
From near and far, let's meet at 1300SMILES, relive the victory of a decade ago and Break those Broncos hearts. Go getem Cowboys...
the cocks are crowing but will be cooked chooks next week if the warriors do the right thing (:
oh boy, heart in your mouth stuff. who thought this was a training run? Let's be better for the Sea Pluvvers next week. Ride em Cowboys
I reckon the Cowboys are happy the Knights won
Tigers more interested in the Potter v Farrah game, forgot to play last night.
And he  stuffs up again.
I hope our renowned Match Review Mob wipe Josh Reynolds for the rest of the season. He is a d........d
Why can they judge off side on a replay but not a forward pass?
