Imagine having legitimate career goals. Mine is don't starve.
Your parents were dedicated to raising you and you're dedicated to letting the internet know about all your drugs. #heapscool
Neck a dick slut, it's gluten free.
Sext: hot chips
Overweight &amp; broke? Sue every fast food joint in your area. One of them is bound to cave. Because we all know it's not your fault.
Imagine buying a tube of Pringles at Coles and being like "Put her in a bag will ya mate, I don't want everyone thinking I'm a fat shit."
Like, this is an alcohol shop. You buy alcohol, you leave the premises with said alcohol. It's literally that simple
I don't understand the idea of concealing alcohol. Customer: "Can I have a bag, I don't want people thinking I'm an alcoholic."
"Setting the record for most road works at once will really put us on the map. All on a weekend too when people don't work" - Adelaide
Bagels are my happy place
Doctor: do you smoke?
Patient: no, but I vape. 
Doctor: mmhmm 
*writes "is a fucking loser" on clipboard*
...members of an elite squad known as the special victims binge watching unit. These are my stories. #dundun
"Death before six feet" - asos
"Oh you need some extra length? Not likely fuckboi" - asos
I used to love asos but I've now come to the realisation that they hate people over 5"7
*sells clothes on eBay to buy more clothes*
You like to think you're equip to live life but then that day comes when you need to change a quilt cover alone &amp; suddenly all hope expires.
Violence against women is wrong, yes. But some bitches just need a phone book to the chops ya know?
Shout out to me for getting gastro for the long weekend.
Shout out to Adelaide for having road works 24/7/365.
Plot twist: you're an asshole.
Unless my bottleshop bout to drop the latest Jordan's, there is absolutely no excuse for you to be waiting out front at 9am.
I open my eBay, sigh and shout "buy my shit you cunts" on an hourly basis.
Fuck, I'd love to do a Humans on NY style thing in my area and call it "Mistakes of The North".
I'm having French toast at night time haha I'm so random omg
NEW BATES MOTEL I REPEAT NEW BATES MOTEL
When eBay tells you 6552892 people are watching you item and no one buys it. Pussys
She prolly sittin at work smiling with a twinkle in her eye like Mr. Gray bout to pick her up in the helicopter or some shit lol
My gf goes silly for that Ellie Goulding 50 shades song. Like little girl silly
Make no mistake. Tropic Thunder is the greatest movie of all time.
My attitude towards customers today is nothing short of malicious.
If you can't love me at my "Benson &amp; Stabler" you don't deserve me at my "Amaro &amp; Rollins".
Gee I'm glad this work shirt shows my every bead of sweat.
Bought an ironing board today cause we didn't have one. I told my girlfriend it counts as part of her birthday present.
This conversion rate is a joke. Booking hotels/flights in the US atm and well fuck.
And yeah go ahead and Google frosty Jim.
What if your job was writing for Urban Dictionary? "Steve I'm gonna need that BDSM final by 3 and do you have a draft for Frosty Jim yet?"
This morning I discovered the word "baecation". Carry on.
"Did he have his teeth in this time?" Is a phrase used at my work more often than it should be.
I'm not ashamed to say that Pringles are a big part of my life.
I regret not buying absolutely everything from H &amp; M.
Life hack: you're not as liked as you think.
If you think mankind is evolving I encourage you to watch the self serve checkouts at Coles for a few minutes.
I find a strong espresso revitalises me in the morning but for some its a crack pipe &amp; a Smirnoff ice but hey each to their own I guess.
Four people served before 9.01am. You fucking parasites.
Is there a toilet here?: An autobiography.
Gogglebox is absolute hogwash
I'm sick of obese people pretending they're  like the rest of us.
If anyone knows of any retail management gigs going in #adelaide holla at me. Looking to move out of the liquor store game.
Imagine having career goals
Coles have cheddar cheese Pringles for $1 I will eat them all if you're reading this its too late...
Forget walkers, everyone catching feels and having flashbacks is the new threat.
I need coffee to watch Walking Dead these days. Like nothing ever happens in it anymore
Life begins after Schweppes Raspberry.
Well overdue for a change
I sent off a job application (well, an expression of interest) for the first time in over 10 years.
FYI the following hashtags exist: "potprincess" "bongbeauties" and "cannabellas". Carry on.
Purchased our flights for November today. LA, Vegas, NY, Boston and Toronto we shall be comin' at (and in) you.
I'm not greedy I just wanna be "two hundred dollar towel" rich.
"50 shades of not one single slip, miss and accidental ass penetration."
"50 shades of not one single golden shower."
No kinkier than my last chiro visit mind you.
Saw 50 shades last night, it was hogwash.
"I dont have my ID, but can i show you my Facebook page?" Um, probably not hey
Love it when my gf calls me cute names, like "pumpkin' and "stop sniffing them, jeez" .
Congrats on your new lobes.
Shout out to velcro wallets for still being in circulation.
Make no mistake, the elderly are the scum of the earth.
26 y.o non smoker seeking Pringles tube for immediate consumption.
Don't take this the wrong way or anything but fuck you.
I have a Coke can tattooed on me but fuck I'm glad i never stretched my ears
The new BLT muffins from McDonald's are my happy place
I don't care who you are or what you do, if you wore a beanie with a singlet this weekend punch yourself in the face.
I bought new work pants yesterday but did not realise they were as thick as the walls of hell and twice as hot.
Hi, I ordered a flat white but I think you gave me fire
Man, new Walking Dead is heavy.
Yeah you're single. Get over it.
So yeah I need a new job hey
Like what is your life mate I outta fucking take you out so they can harvest your organs for something good.
Retail ain't that bad but liquor stores are repulsive. I can't even look or speak to some of the locals. They make me sick
I serve the same walking burdens every day at my work. Multiple times. And every time they come in a part of ne dies.
There is nothing enjoyable about hot weather. Don't lie to yourself
My greatest achievement in life so far is having a full fridge.
Saw a guy on Swanston street wearing denim overalls and two different shoes. Man was not built to process that amount of $wag.
Sext: I have a two for one burrito coupon...
I don't want no scrubs. But I don't not want no scrubs. I dunno, I'm kinda on the fence with the whole scrubs fiasco.
ETA. Estimated Turnt Arrival.
Melbourne it's too hot turn it down
Also, I refuse to believe people fuck in lavatories. I can barely flop it out to piss and y'all going to pound town? Pigs arse
Shout out to the bloke who ordered a beer on our 7am flight. That and your bleached blonde slick back proves that YOLO is still alive &amp; well
Australia blows man
Repeat my previous tweet and replace American with Canadian.
It's so hard living in Australia when all you care about is American sport, food, beer, culture, TV, movies, weather...
I know I'm gonna stir the pot with this one, but I do not care for laksa...
You can't like, own a potato, man.
Please make yourself and your stick tight photos disappear.
You have what we call a "closed casket face".
If you've got a problem with lime milkshakes I got a problem with you.
I've seen wounded pidgeons with more grace than Joakim Noah.
Cereal? You know I like my breakfast fried, or chicken fried.
If you "nominate" me for something on social media, I will "nominate" you to drink rat poison.
"How do you take your coffee?" Very Fucking seriously mate.
So many people confuse my "customer service" roll with a "peasant slave boy" role.
Coffees time. No, that's not a typo.
So someone tied their dog to a trolley here yesterday. So they could go in and shop.
It's not that I'm an asshole, it's just I have no interest in anything anybody has to say.
My that's a lovely photo. Congrats on your drugs and all.
This close to pouring the kettle into my cereal bowl this morning. Help
People who follow 5k plus people in IG. Who even are you?
Financial panther ey....
Her t-shirt said "bad girl"and her eyes said "read the t-shirt"...
New fave show on Foxtel. "My Five Wives".
If you enjoy warm weather you're an asshole.
Used the last of my Canadian maple syrup. Please express post 1 x pallet @bellavenom I will cover costs....
