Go go gadget scrubs.
It's the little things.  Saying thanks with a cup of coffee I will always appreciate.
Another day of "shut up, watch, and don't touch anything" ... Enhance your calm John Spartan.
If somebody tells you it is not about the money regarding a law suit they're lying.  Always.
See if you can solve it without cheating.  http://t.co/K6go5qpaom
I'm at Royal Prince Alfred Hospital (RPA) in Camperdown, NSW https://t.co/XQKYzmCiqA
The only thing opening your mouth before you know all the facts does is make it easier for your foot to fit in it.
Not bad.  https://t.co/9i9OK54aPn
Long day. Good night.
I could use a coffee. Please. I'm begging.
"Pick it up buttercup you've 7 more hours" ... lovely.
Oh holy crap my brain is fried.
Ok yeah. Intense.
Because you know... engineers wouldn't have a bloody clue what they're doing without a politician.
Yet some blow hard is quoted: "this presents a real and dangerous problem." ... sigh.
In no actual news release is the REAL question reported.  "Are any systems currently configured this way.  NO"
It is like asking four experts "if you stand in the middle of the road, could you be struck by a car" ... well fucking duh asshole.
Key sentence: if the wifi router is connected to the avionics system.  Which, it isn't... never has been.
Just read the report on "terrorists being able to take over a plane via wifi" ... what a load of scare tactic bullshit.
And away we go. Have a great day folks.
For geographically challenged folks that's like holidaying in S FL and complaining about the afternoon squalls when the sun comes out in NYC
Not that it is raining today. It is a beautiful morning. But a 2000km away it rained. So, holiday ruined.
I'm always surprised by tourists that fly all the way here and then complain that it is raining. #gotovegas
My clinic advisor today insists on confiscating phones. So a) I'm not ignoring texts and b) ICYMI tweets are appreciated.
And here comes the Carnival Legend into the Harbour. Mental note: don't each lunch anywhere near downtown.
Off to the hospital. Clinic day both today and tomorrow. Also known as "you are a 2nd year... sit down, shut up, and don't touch anything."
And I've done some seriously sketchy things... a gyrocopter is basically saying "I trust this lawnmower engine with my life"
I've flown a gyrocopter.  The only thing one is protesting by being in those death traps is common sense.
No Mr. Cat... those papers on the table are much better organised now that you've jumped on them and laid down.  Bloody twit.
Hehehe... "Pie in the Oven: I don't know what he's talking about."  http://t.co/tiYvy45NTg
Now I get to wait for a cheque to be sent to Seattle and ask the only person I truly trust in that office to send it to me.  Lovely.
Whoops... completely forgot about my US taxes.  Just filed them.
My study notes are filled with too many "learn this" tags where I'm having to make up for an engineering rather than premed background.
Sorry folks... not going to celebrate this conviction either.
The knowledge part of medical school is at times overwhelming but generally manageable.  The practical aspects?  Difficult.  Very.
What a day.
If I were to catfish someone I'd pick a better looking man. #real
Studying to "Imagine" by John Lennon in the sun. Oh hell yes.
I really hope that the school bus Q's homer hit over the left field fence was UF's transport.
#FSUTwitter warms the heart and makes my classmates look at me like I'm an idiot for laughing out loud.
Back to class.
Rough morning for the hospital. Very rough.
Just remember men... her looks will fade  So will yours.  But stupid?  That's forever.
Gotta feel for the @spacex guys... lot of really good engineers that get one shot.  They'll figure it out though.
And yes @jmquinn ... I went to bed. 😜
Bad form.
So ANZAC day is coming up (basically 🇦🇺 Memorial Day) and a local grocer is showing portraits of WWI Gallipoli fighters to sell produce.
There's an elderly man always on my 6am bus into the City. Wasn't there Th/F. No idea why I thought of him but hope he's there this morning.
Yeah needed that sleep.
LRT: right on point with my little rant.
So MM has 27 fumbles, 11 lost. JW has 13 fumbles, 4 lost.  With picks it is 25 TOs vs. 32.  Not exactly the huge diff Jaws keeps claiming.
Not really formulating thoughts well... maybe I really should try to get some sleep.
Should there be a female astronaut on there?  Probably... but it is not likely because someone said "nah... she's a woman"
In this instance it is space exploration whose primary scientists are from NASA, ESA, and CNSA.  That's going to be your panel.
Though valid, very few scientists play the societal pressure game in lieu of trying to get the best people for a panel.  No matter what.
Looking at the comments from one of Bill Nye's recent posts, there were a lot of comments about "old white men" and "where are the women"
Coyote Ugly is on my TV again.  I'm not hating this.  #mariabello
Yeah sleep is not going to happen tonight.  Brain is too wired working through the mineralocorticoids steroidogenesis.
Hehehe... have to love Cate Blanchett.  Woman doesn't pull any punches in calling out stupidity.
Two hours later, brushed teeth, mouth rinsed... I still have onion breath.  #pungent
Forgot I recorded the Gruden QB camp broadcast... yup, that'll do.
I've never tolerated flu vaccination well. This year appears to be no exception.
Just going to lay here and go in to a food coma.
Headed home to study... another incredibly intense day.
Dude. Just leave her alone. She just needs a quick cry and doesn't need help. Trust me.
Loving @sheridynfisher's snapchats. So so so goofy and funny. Thanks for the laughs.
Apparently the words Russian and single prompt Twitter to fill my TL with bride ordering services.
Very intense.
Off to school. Cheers.
Agreed. And if you've not been it is well worth it.  https://t.co/tewNempW5t
Guess I'm missing most of this "discussion" because I've better things to do and trust folks that are paid 7 figures to do their job.
Maybe this session will be easier than I'd anticipated.
I love when things finally click into place.
Oh yeah. Completely overwhelmed.
"Unless you're willing to have a go, fail miserably, and have another go, success won't happen." -Phillip Adams
I think my resident Huntsman spider has left... all the sads.
Guess I'll study because sleep is kind of out of the question.
