Like I've waited for her for two years ok guys. I love her like s lot.
So fucking scared bc I'm like I like girls what. And now I'm just like Paige is my fucking girlfriend. Don't touch her.
Remember two years ago when I first met Paige and I started to like her and I was like wtf and then I fucking liked her so much and I was
Running a fucking temperature. It's so fucking hot even though it's cold wtf
Is @fempaige asleep or something bc I want her and she's not replying to anything and I'm so lonely n idk I want her drunk loving ok
Tired n sad tbh
I want my girlfriend.
I feel shit
I just want my girlfriend.
Like stop
Me and jay are so close but no matter how close we are hell always favour Luke and it annoys me bc he's so disrespectful to me.
My brothers a fucking cunt
Looking cute as fuck for my girlfriend and she isn't here http://t.co/SPn6lc5duD
Sending cute snaps to my girlfriend http://t.co/bMw3jHMqk5
It's you. Its always been you.
I just want my girlfriend.
I want to move to nz so I can be with my girlfriend but like ugh
Happiest I've been in a long time. I met @shortstackband and got a girlfriend last night. I'm great. Life's great. @fempaige ily
Literally https://t.co/VeFCn1Aiqb
So like @fempaige asked me to be her girlfriend last night I said yes. She's my girlfriend like a proper girlfriend and I'm happy ok.
I look cute as fuck. @shortstackband concert tonight yees. Leaving now for it with @_Rawr_Aly http://t.co/MzYutIkEpA
I always feel so crap when I wake up in the mornings ew.
I need sleep but too worked up wtf
I can't take any photos at @shortstackband concert because my phones a piece of shit and like now I can't get selfies with them wtf
Idk how but I've worked myself up and I can't sleep wtf
What the fuck do I wear to short stack shit. I wanna wear a jacket but like it'll get hot wtf life
Her snd swesome night
I'm hot af http://t.co/I22PJb4zKr
http://t.co/3kJH7sprMP
Already her a few drinks but now I might be going to the city with my brother and his girlfriend omg.
Told you I look hot today. God I'm great. http://t.co/umRqoa6Btx
Can we talk about how hot I look today
National sibling day my baby sister and my older brother. ily shit heads. http://t.co/DMoYk7cEfi
I'm having a bad hair day and I have a giant pimple on my chin. Wtf
My family kinda suck tbh
My goal in life is to be tweeted by @meagantandy she's so perfect. But like srsly girl come to Australia ok ily
Lonely
Sad
Drunk
Quite tipsy and want love ok
I can't log into Facebook bc I forgot my password. Fuck.
I want to mean something to you.
I look pretty today
My phones fucked
My mama got me lots of Apple cider and I'm happy but idk whether or not to drink it today it tomorrow. Hardlyf
Let's be real I was totally a duff in high school but back then it was called a grenade ok
Kinda just wanna lay in bed and cuddle with @fempaige tbh
I love cats ok
I wanna get a really cute selfie with @shortstackband ok
http://t.co/kmYZFXW7LE via @youtube this was like my all time favourite song ok
I think bout @AdelaideKane sooo much ok
Also @AdelaideKane loves her kitty like meee and our kitties are kind of similar.
I honestly reckon her and I would be such great friends but like she's sooo far away and so hot me I'm like ew
And she has such nice eyes and these adorable freckles ok
I've loved her for like years since she played lolly in neighbours ok
She has this old vlog on YouTube and I just watch it sometimes bc it's solo cute and she sounds so Australian and she looks so young
But like Adelaide kane is a lil cutie ok
Only love can hurt like this is such a great song tbh
Big hero 6 is the best ok
You know you have a wild dream when you dream about prince Harry @shortstackband and @Real_Liam_Payne
Wait I know the cause of my weird dream last night. I ate like four chocolate eggs and drank a glass of Apple juice before I slept lol
The only part of my dream that made sense is me getting that drunk that I couldn't even get out of bed to watch @shortstackband perform.
But like why was Liam Payne in my dream I don't even like one direction that much wth
Including myself were lying on the bed getting drunk and I got too drunk I didn't get to see short stack perform and that's like accurate me
For ages and took heaps of selfies but then I went back into line and somehow there was a bed on a balcony at my party and like six people
Even though it's my own birthday but then I went to the parking lot and andy was sitting in a car so I got in a passenger seat and we talked
Snd somehow short stack were playing at my party and the line to get into my party was so long and I was like in the middle of the line
Left and I was so upset. He was wearing a shoulder length black wavy wig for the record. But anyway flash forward and it's my birthday
Like a prince disguise so no one would know it was him and we talked for ages and someone noticed and I was like move away from me and he
Prince Harry and some other person and then like randomly Liam Payne was in the parade and I was like hey come stand with me but he was in
I had such a strange dream last night ism why but there was like a parade of every single royal person alive rn and I was standing with
A letter to the man who destroyed me. http://t.co/5XGwXKkxJH
Like no one ever puts me first there is always someone they like better than me. And that sucks I get so exile attached me I mean nothing.
The hardest thing to deal with I think is the fact that I put everyone first. I focus in everyone else's happiness and forget about my own.
But like I do so much for everyone else and like whenever I need a simple thing no one gives a shit okkkk
Feeling quiet upset tonight.
