Can't get over Jaden and Willow's track. 

This is bliss.
To me the puppy was definitely an Alfred or Freddie.
I was disappointed when I found out its name is milo. The world is full of great names and milo is the one you pick.
I saved a puppy today from the side of the road. And found its owner. And gave it a cuddle and a good pat and lots of love.
I am done with women (and men) putting down women in general. Goddammit.
She embodies the variety in women's persona beyond the traditionally portrayed ideal of what women are or need to be especially in Hollywood
Kim Kardashian broke the female mold in american media. She created an appetite for curvy sexual intelligent strong women without the labels
Good
Uh, damn right I like the life I live 'Cause I went from negative to positive

And it's all
Frank ocean-ing my morning
Body goal is Gigi. 
Face goal is Kendall.
After being drenched yesterday in the storm, I am with cold/flu.
Is in the hands of the least caring and intelligent intellectual souls.(2)
I can't get passed this feeling that the gaping holes in the world, the hungry sad and pained people physiologically and psychologically (1)
Prejudice and injustice litters the world.
How can one country be less relevant than another? How can one misery be more important than another? Why are people measured by $?
The more I think about people and history the more disgusted i get with humanity. I am so mad.
#dropdead purchases arrived! http://t.co/EmpT6TYYD2
Drake's face is an appropriate reaction to almost everything.
Kanye West. Mad love.
#allblackeverything https://t.co/Y8iuOIkzEJ
I just want the word happy to mean something to me.
1/3 of the 2015 already. Damn.
I want to claw out of my skin. 
I want out.
DONE
3 months to go! #italia http://t.co/QiHvLl1M3K
Cant bear the thought of 8 hrs (possibly more) of being trapped in a building.
Escape planning
#BBHMM stuck in my head
After seeing that I have a little bit of hope left in human love &amp; kindness.
I can go to bed after seeing Charlie Hunnam's beautiful face.  Like a balm I swear.
Hilary Duff's song is painful. God. Stahhpp.
Gosh golly you're teaching me to hate you so well.
Blowing off steam at the gym seems to be all I am doing lately.
Black sheep.
Nothing is ever going to change.
Hindsight is everything.
The weather has ruined the lunar eclipse. Damn it.
Wish I could just go to bed instead of dealing with people.
Already planning outfits based on my soon to be delivered purchases.
American tv narrators ANNOY me.
#dropdead order placed. Be still my beating heart.
Holey tshirt and sabbath jacket complete me.
Can not wait to get home and watch KUWTK.
Kicked twice by this ass wipe. 
If I had your name I would blast you. http://t.co/F3kIXUDqTm
Link me the Bieber Roast please.#BieberRoast
One thing musicians are great at are big reveals with mostly en par outcomes.
I feel like this was 4 years too late. The market is so saturated. And I don't see the value in it. Tbh
Went on tidal. Why is this relevant/different? What are you giving me as a consumer? #TIDALforALL
Also bye.
I need mu beauty zzz.
My mother doesn't know shizz about who is who in modern culture and she finds Kendall perf. She literally said the girl is a natural beauty
Not watching KUWTK cz my house is stuck in the 90s with it's interwebz connectioné.
I hope Kylie Jenner never stops snapchatting.
Wtf world...
In the space of 4 scrolls down my fb feed, I read 4 article titles deeming intelligent women to a life of unhappiness/single/unsatisfaction
When you're blunt, you're a bitch
Not that I care
But that standard is unfair
As a single girl, I try to be nice when I am not interested in someone but guys confuse polite with pants dropping and that's frustrating.
On a happy note: Sticky fudge guy is off my case
Thank you baby Jesus.
Honestly Imma start weilding a baseball bat when on the train. I dare you to touch me then.
3rd wack on the head on the train and counting....
A gloomy Monday morning tells me to stay at home and in bed.
#np Georgia On my mind - Ray Charles
I am so over everyone.
People always ask the wrong questions.
Fudge some people are sticky like frikkin fudge
Some people naturally annoy me.
When you get in bed and you get a sneaky snap from a favorite human https://t.co/vEoyPS4tza
Never been prouder.
#familyfirst
Girls need to remember this everytime they compare themselves to a model/celebrity.  #selflove  http://t.co/h617ZcquWm"
I want #YEEZYBOOST australia. Come on.
Hope social scientists are having a feild day with this.
HE DID NOT DIE. WTF IS GOING ON WITH THE HASHTAGS. Teen melodrama at its finest.
I have already seen a couple of girls brandishing 1D apparel incorporated into their school uniforms.
I'm not a directioner and I feel bad.
How do you even function with really long nails...?
Love good nails
HAT3 REALLY LONG NAILS
Keep'em classy
First Pearls to my collection https://t.co/jVlKVGbfEF
I still caught my train
Because it takes 5 mins to slip a dress on/brush teeth/wash face/shoes/deodorant and I'm out.
I was so tired I didn't register the alarm going off. I dont even remember waking up &amp; turning it off.
I slept in
I am not even sorry
Damn
Damn
Damn
I write sins not tragedies.... prime track. Headbanging away at my desk like the douchebag that I am.
How could I be so reckless with my Tv viewing...... #shame
I haven't watched #KUWTK ep2 and I am ashamed of myself.
Damn that voice.. that grunt and husk and smoothness.
#np La Vie En Rose - Louis Armstrong
http://t.co/CiHJeab9px

Damn son. #RihRih #slays
#TypicalMonday: walk into work like oh haayy errbody! I am so happy to be here.. when all I want to do is go back to bed.
#TypicalMonday: Sit next to someone who is silently farting and eradicating oxygen flow to my brain
#TypicalMonday: get whacked in the head by a backpack og an oblivious uni student.
I am adding to my t shirt collection and demure dresses because being a classy queen is in.
Sometimes when I look at old photos of myself. I convulse in revulsion.
Bardot models eveything off the Kardashian/Jenner style.
I am not ashamed to say 4 hrs of my night were immobile on the couch watching Shameless. Only time I moved is a glass of water.
One thing I know for certain is I can definitely dance up a storm.
All white. Everything bleached. https://t.co/qBjj2ocyLt
Waves by Mr Probz is probably my song atm. Hits me right in my existential angsty feels.
$$$, $$$, $$$, $$$ at least.
#np Mine - Beyonce ft Drake
The kind of track that deserves to be on repeat.
The smile that slowly creeps on my face when I think of going to bed is kinda disturbing.
I'd hate to get old and start getting hangovers after only a couple of drinks...
"@jrdnbrkh_: Jaden Smith - PCH ft. Willow Smith: https://t.co/poiiqSIyUJ via @YouTube" where the hell did that come from...
I have trivia tonight.
My answer to everything will be fuck off. 
#currentmood
I am disappointed in the state of humanity. Let's just leave it at that...
I cant wait to be back in bed later tonight.
I am still in PJs struggling to make it out of bed.
I can never watch #PLL after @jrdnbrkh_ tweets.... (not that I was going to anytime soone but who knows things change)
Red bed is back! https://t.co/6qGxaxf2fU
Why is my instagram flooded with baby photos today? Why?
Watching the time like it might save me.
That is why I dislike him... Brat.
Albeit it was a trashy place. He still was a total bitch about it. They are paying you.  People came to see you. Stop bitchin twat.
Brody Jenner is such a brat. 
He hosted an event once. Left after 1 hr. Didn't want to take any photos. The place had to refund people money
That crazy in love 50shades edition is one hell of a track.
#np Ms Jackson - Outkast
"What is this feeling you are so sure of?"
When your breath stinks like it can exterminate a building full of roaches. You need to sort that shit out.
Happy St Pat's day. Let's be Irish and drink up.
Can I just go back to bed and watch episode after episode of Shameless?
Oh well I am only on season 2. Things are still open to change. I hope... 
(Don't tell me)
Ok. 
I need to see a world of varied cleavage. It aint much of a request on a show where boobies feature often...
Ps why are all the boobs on Shameless limited to a C cup. I can't relate to that... the world is full of Ds and DDs.
And Daddy longlegs. I like that. I wish I knew someone I could call that. Legit.
Who knew kim had balls of steel facing up to Bruce and staunching hard!
Um loving how sassy kimmy was. Seriously, keep that sass going. And who knew she dropped truth bombs more than klomoneeyz.
KUWTK followed by Shameless. 
I am content to go to bed.
So the whole waking up before the sunrise is back on again. #ReasonsIHateWinter
Too bad his sex scene on Shameless was atrocious. I'm writing a note to the producers. Don't play a girl like that... He is too hot.
Gaga's man is making me drool. Seriously. Spit is running down my face.
No I don't.  
What are you looking at c-unit?
I have been openly stared at four times already. Do I have a penis drawing on my face?
Emmy Rossum kills it bad. #Shameless http://t.co/GqAN5PI6wy
I LOVE #Shameless. Season 1 done. Season 2 going.
It's not even winter yet.. and I have morphed into a couch potato. Marathoning #shameless https://t.co/rOUYBEEIzk
Next investment:
2 long coats -nude/pastel &amp; black 
Black pointed boots
Oversized sweater dresses in white and nude 
#WinterIsComing
Kylie Jenner's London looks were on point.
I leave my hair unstraightened for 2 to 3 weeks at a time and the boom I have 1 inch longer hair than the last time I straightened it. #win
Give me more.
Balmain gets me.
Tassles ftw.
I danced my socks off tonight in my tassle dress. I am like a child obsessed.
Wore a flapper dreas tonight. I love tassles.
Blues https://t.co/TQ03nPwC93
I am so excited for #KUWTK
..
...
....
omg who am I?
Hair needs to be done ASAP 
No this w/e though... still need #HairInspo?? Suggestions? Help? Goshhh...
#np Runaway - Kanye West
Those are the things that bring me a side of myself I would hate to leave behind..
Listening to old school arabic music and swaying from side to side wog-style because I am who I am and I could care less what people think.
For a young country (comparison based on a global scale) there is a lot of issues due to short cutting, quick planning &amp; cost cutting.
And then the option to drive is another nightmare in itself because the infrastructure of sydney is actually ridiculous.
Not just a rant here but seriously what are actually paying for: unreliability, staff that don't know how to communicate, chaos, etc.
Based on business insider, Sydney ranks 7th in terms of most expensive public transport. And yet I bet it is on of the crappiest ones.
I can make a broke bitch rich but aint fucking with no broke bitch. 

Chris Brown wisdom
I don't lose friends.  If you're gone you weren't a friend from the start.
I feel rage. My brother has been using my shampoo as fucking body wash.
Can we just take moment and appreciate that pay day is in 5 days? In other words fuckbitchesgetmoney HARD.
When a woman listens to beyonce, do not sass her.
No one trusts anyone. Paperwork. Proof. Fact. Witness. No word has value.
Every thing is too hard basket.
And coffee.. I can use a jug of that.
I cannot describe how hungry I am right now.
I got second hand embarrassment from my dream self. How is that even possible?
She was so pissed that I was so rude and abrupt. I swear the dream made me cringe when I woke up. That's how bad it was.
It was so bad. The lady calling didn't say anything or ask anything and I was like "can I call you back I am currently occupied?"
I dreamt about doing a phone interview whilst working a hospitality job in the most godforsaken place.
"@DanielDelloRey: um i don't understand what kind of steroid induced squats did you do @KylieJenner http://t.co/OWvp5fmKnv" damn girl.
Yesterday I voluntarily made my brothers rainbow cookies.
It seems I am full of goodness lately.
