Don't judge an album by its cover.
I've been in Oz for 7 months and haven't seen one Kangaroo. Not even in Kangaroo Valley. This country is full of lies.
A month from today and I'll be in Fiji 😁
If I play Hold On Loosely and I don't see you tapping your foot or moving to the groove, I honestly don't think I can trust you.
I'm gonna be part of a Harry Potter themed weekend long 21st bday party. Can somebody summarize the whole story line to me real quick?
I don't think I've skipped Collie Man by Slightly Stoopid one single time.
How the lottery changed my life: I have enough money to buy all the tattoos I want.
Being gone from home has made me realize I'm a lot like my father.
Seriously want to get a motorcycle when I get home and tour the states.
Been gone 8 months as of today! I miss all you yanks!
Fiji in May 😎
Just followed @sheinztime and I think it's about time to unfollow @cheinzz
WANT. http://t.co/RVb1mp6IIe
You guys all have shit taste in music.
Chuck YA boi an RT if Drops of Jupiter by Train is in your top 25 songs of all time.
Guy had his headphones so loud in the gym that we could all hear he was      pumping to sweet escape by Gwen Stefani. GOOD ON YA MATE.
One thing I've learned traveling... Most Asians OUTSIDE of Asia suck. I'm only talking 100% Asian though. Call me racist I don't care.
I have a Tapatío tattoo... Do you really think I'm worried that I don't know what to do with my life yet? I'm only 22. 😁
It's the Chinese New Year. Who wants to get fucked up!?
The only way for me to resist drinking beer from the fridge is if there's no beer in the fridge.
Buying a one way ticket out of the country was the best decision I've ever made.
We all want something beautiful. Man, I wish I was beautiful.
Proud to be an American.
I still fear being buffaloed all the way down here in Australia.
Sydney's fucking tight but there are days when I miss riding around in @JHougum's Suby pumpin The Story So Far. #imissmahboi
Anybody want to travel the states when I get back? I haven't seen enough of my home country.
Australians call Sprite lemonade. No...
Most Aussies don't like country music. This pleases me. 😎
Just remembered the I Spy books. Those were so freaking tight as a kid!
How cool would it be if you were actually a fan of U2 and their newest album was just on your phone for free? Cha feel?
Life is a damn beautiful thing.
I MEANT THEIR SNAPCHATS.
If you don't get a kick out of @AlHabitat and @jayykey_'s tweets you should just take a kick to the face instead.
It's insane that 2013 is over already.
Who do you miss more? Fav for me. RT for @cheinzz
GYM TIPS BY JONNY: #2- Unless you are a girl, NEVER use the foam pad at the squat rack. Because if you do, you are a girl.
"“When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace. 

-Jimi Hendrix”" -@JHougum
I think da sayin goes sumthin like.... "U don't preciate uve got da booty till it's gone" er sumthin long does lines. Happy holladays playas
Australia's sour skittles aren't coated with the sour stuff. They are just like regular skittles... This is a fucked up world we live in.
Left home exactly 6 months ago today!
GYM TIPS BY JONNY: #1- take a poo before your workout, not during it.
Is the storm actually bad in California right now? I want to see some pics/snaps!
It took me 22 years and moving to Australia to realize Seinfeld is actually hilarious.
Jam of the day. Gold by JAWS
Some good stuff right here. I highly recommend it. http://t.co/4JcKHeqEdf
If I find a girl that looks good in Nike training spandex shorts and would lift with me, I'm putting a ring on it.
If you're bored watch this. It's a little weird at first but such a good word. It's got something for everybody. 😎http://t.co/tkktANzPyY
Even Kahunas would do honestly.
Or a Maxwells burger minus the onion rings, and add BBQ Sauce w/tots.
Or Wildas.
Or a Whiskey River BBQ Burger from Red Robin.
If I got free tickets to the states and back but all I could do was eat one good burrito and come back I would do it. So worth +40 hours.
Differences of here and The US. Australia's family fued-"Name a spread that goes on toast. Top answer: Vegemite.
Holy shit. Gotta give @JimmyFKeating A shoutout for that beard. Did not see that coming, but it looks great man! kudos!
Thankful for @KnucklePuckIL's newest EP. So good!
Just kidding! Happy thanksgiving everybody!
Thankful that Australia doesn't celebrate thanks giving because I fucking hate my friends and family and Americas corporate ass bullshit.
Who's awake in good ole Merica right now?!
I am expendable. But I guess that's just the way things go.
Australia wins in the horniest I have  been overall for my percent of time spent in a country.
The @_Cvsvnova_ starter pack. http://t.co/jOCmKIe0qw
I would confidently bet $20 that my belly button collects more lint than any of you.
Australia has had nacho cheese Doritos for a long time but didn't get cool ranch till this year. Let that sink in and be thankful Americans.
When you accidentally text "butch" instead of bitch... http://t.co/xIA886wCA2
I miss those days when ChaCha was the go to source to settle an argument with friends.
I seriously want to be yoked so bad.
I've been gone over 100 days. Crazy.
Deleting messages from your iPhone so you don't accidentally sext the wrong person.
#getfucked #prettygood #haulass  @JayBayBot
If you are awake favorite this tweet or you'll die.
It's 10:00pm here on Sunday here in Australia but it's 5:00am at home. So good morning friends!
"You're just a fake, a fucking wolf in sheep skin. This is our home so we'll be armed to the teeth."
Disregard my other tweet! Unit 32 243 Boundary Street, Coolangatta, QLD, 4225 Australia is my address to send a care package. Not 2445. 😎
Unit 32 243 Boundary Street, Coolangatta, QLD, 2445 Australia. Feel free to send care packages.
Who's up in and is trying to FaceTime!? It's raining in Oz and I'm bored!
Okay so @_Cvsvnova_, Taylor and I are looking for two others to join our boy band. http://t.co/IK9MSova1H
For everybody that says they are jealous of me for my trip, I'm jealous of you for American food. Because it's the best in the world.
One lesson I've learned while traveling is  NEVER take Wildas for granted.
Glad I gotta roommate that can quote I Love You, Man with me. http://t.co/qTRdkGZx9m
Did you know "highway to the danger zone" is actually about walking down a hallway to the bathroom a guy just destroyed?
California really does know how to party. These Brits and Aussies have a hard time keeping up!
What the hell? http://t.co/hbwnNMQ5nD
Got an Aussie phone numba hollllaaaa 0420 567 921
Have legitimately been told I look like Max from The Wanted by over 15 people since I've left home.
What I miss most about home(in order):
Tapatio
Wildas
Good breakfast burritos
Good beer
The Gym
My friends.
Just an update to everyone wondering. No, I haven't slept with any Asians.
Traveling is cool but I'm getting fat.
There's over 3,500 7 elevens in Bangkok.
When you cheers yourself to being a failure... http://t.co/QvFrdNCNgk
Telling travelers my full name is Ladamian Benjarvisfield Aristotle Demitrius Constantine Andrew-Sopalis but they can call me "The Ruckus".
So... since I left the country I'm undefeated in beer pong. USA!
Holy shit just realized I reached 1k tweets and I didn't even do I good one. Damn. I really gotta make up for that when 5k rolls around.
I hope people know my last insta was a joke hahaha
If I have to throw down for a new iphone right now I'm gonna be pissed 😑
Glad to be getting a perspective on life outside of the States. Be thankful for even the smallest things.
Holy hell Cambodia is so tight.
I love Bangkok. Sorry if you are getting Thaired of hearing about it. Get it!?
Tight* sorry.
So far Bangkok is pretty thait.
I say "Bang" you say "kok"
-Bang!
     -kok!
-Bang!
     -kok!
Last day in Redding 😅
The nerves are here.
Who's up!?
Last night was SO good. Thanks to the best of friends. Makes leaving seem so bitter sweet.
I have the best friends. Hands down.
Redding would decide to get a Buffalo Wild Wings when I leave the states. 😩
Houseboat now. Haul ass.
I meant who's getting day hammered?*
8 more days left in this town. Who's day drinking with me!?
Messed my sleeping schedule up from taking the longest nap of my life. Sweet.
Who's celebrating this beautiful day with me on the houseboat!?
I wish I could slow down life right now. Things are so good and going so fast!
2 weeks. Finally sinking in that I'm leaving.
Swamp ass is inevitable in this weather.
One last tat before my trip today!
Come out to my houseboat today!
Houseboat did me dirty last night 😅 http://t.co/loDmwHKxV7
When I tell a girl I'm gonna take them to go see Burney Falls... 😏 http://t.co/xbAp5glIxx
I look forward to being old and  exaggerating to my kids about being a bad ass when I was their age just to make them feel like crap 😎
So I'm out of here in 41 days. Let's hang before I get kidnapped overseas and you never have the chance to see me again. 😅
Go Steve! http://t.co/MODV4mJfuQ
Kalee4neyeayyyy
Houseboat tonight! Who's coming!? http://t.co/x6oBPQ0CrR
Houseboat party tomorrow/Sunday. Get at me!
