Another pissed morning, how about that!
Just experienced one of the most excruciating foot craps EVER!! It was that bad I nearly cried 😢
Guys with long hair are wonderful http://t.co/cC7OwmFB2Y
It's guna be a long day!
So bloody angry!!! This shouldn't be happening so early in the morning 😡
I can't figure out whether I'm hungry or not
29 minutes left.
I'm so sick!
Gogglebox tonight !!!
Niall is so cute http://t.co/mz5x2gQAPl
Finally getting new internet in two days
I wanna run away, I wanna run away, anywhere out this place, I wanna run away
I love sweet things with dates in them yum
Happy Easter folks 👍👍
Lmfao black women have had dreads for years but when 1 white hoe tries it every makes it a thing. Get the fuck out! http://t.co/7kger0EraI
As a Muslim I'm extremely hurt by these constant racist comments towards Zayn or anyone in that sense. It's disgusting and cruel. Over it.
Went to Coles and all the cream eggs were gone fucking hell
The boys are staying at the Atlantis hotel in Dubai 🙌
Just realised I haven't even got any chocolate eggs yet, this is cruel it's Easter come on
Nothing better than having a nice shower in the morning 👍
How's it 1AM
Fast and furious was so good last night. Still thinking of ya Paul ❤️
Lol so bothered
Reasons to why I should feel uneasy towards someone close in particular is beyond me. Smh
Started my assignments today, and to be fair there's some progress happening
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ http://t.co/CxRPcnv6OC
#Furious7 Today!!! Buzzzzzzin
Safeway always has some cool varieties of food. The caramel/dates flavoured hot cross buns I bought today were incredible
Not even at Dubai but looking looking forward to the boys performing there   #otratDubai
So annoyed and ready to delete
Why the fuck are people uploading videos of fast/furious 7 and putting it on their snap stories for everyone who hasn't watched it to see???
How come every snap I've opened today was more than 100 seconds 😒
The fact that Zayn hasn't even tweeted us or gave us his own explanation of his decision or anything pisses me off
Can this hurry
For everyone saying zayn is joining Isis can literally go jump of a cliff into the ocean and get eaten by sharks. Fucking assholes
#ZaynMalik get onto this fucker people, he isn't on private ! http://t.co/XAK7HcN6FP
Naughty-boy is the core cause of this somehow...
#VoteOneDirectionᅠ #KCA 🍌🍌🍌
#VoteOneDirection #KCA we've gotta win this one for our boys
#VoteOneDirection #KCA
http://t.co/5f3iGig0yJ
life and seeing zayn this February will be something I'll never forget!!
Truly Madly missed by everyone. I just want to say I'm so grateful that I've experienced zayn and the other boys on stage five times in my
I will miss the boys being up on stage all together and touring the world together. Things won't be the same without Zayn and he will be
Now that his out of one direction I hope he finds his true self and works on his health. I hope he finds happiness in the choice he has made
Zayn was always the quite one, the one who got judged and the one who always put up with way more shit than the other boys
even if zayn left. So many memories have been formed between the fandom and the boys and that will never be forgotten
him then I'm all for it. Besides that I think it's been a great 5 years for all the boys, something so special that can never be taken away
With all the mixed emotions I have all I care about is Zayns health and if he thinks that leaving one direction would be the best move for
Finally hitting me that zayn is 100% done with one direction
I'm shocked and still in tears. This all so real now and I can't bear to think of zayn not being around the boys anymore or being on tour
I still can't function with the news
What's this I hear about suicide?? GUYS stop
Who gives a fuck about money, doesn't change the fact that liam is fucking amazing!
hahaha people comparing Justin and liams net worth are ridiculous!
Regardless of whether this is a fucking joke or not I appreciate seeing zayn this February more than ive ever appreciated anything else
Omg zayn
FAKE BITCH LOOOOOL
Finally in bed goodnight
Until my class finishes, hurry pls http://t.co/9wO7LMflDt
It's so cold !
Larry shippers just wanna be in every rumour possible, shut up. Nothing going on has Larry in it at all
Apparently the louis photos are fake. Fuck u to the person who made them, congrats on starting this rumor which potentially affected louis
this whole louis and Eleanor situation is so surprising yet so amusing
I feel sorry for the boys, they're going through a lot with all these stupid rumors and zayn apparent stress is making me sick
What the actual fuck http://t.co/6ACY3Wsjyb
Thought people got over that impressing stage you know, but some thing's never change
Literally all u care about is attention and I've come to the conclusion that you're never guna change so not bothered anymore
