Weekend is almost here! http://t.co/sNFsLzuKe9
Roll on the weekend! 27 degrees on the beach on saturday follwed by Nervo on at night!
Girls with Tattoo's are deffo growing on me!
If people could see what I could see, a lot of boys would be very jealous right now
Jaffa cakes, Bourbons, Maryland cookies .. id kill for one of them with a brew right now!
Good luck to @shrewsweb tonight! Hoping promotion comes soon for them
If you're lazy and dirty, you're not someone I want to know
Hiiiiiiiii
Hope Blackpool get a result today, more results we get now the better start for next year! #Promotion
Saturday night out in Sydney .. still can't believe where I am sometimes!
.@RockyRodwell remember the night @scottmoran8 was calling you Jake in Maccies? Great finish to a night!
.@scottmoran8 has actually gone to to maccies for a poo because he has the runs
Had a romantic meal with candles and alcoholic beverages tonight with mole, now time to chill as its the weekend!!
Coffee in the sunshine on my dinner.. loving life!
I could never do a job that didn't have added stress.. think I'd get bored very easy!
My first spin class tonight since early January. . It's gonna hurt!
Not impressed im having to wear a jumper in the mornings now!
Also Lee Clark isn't the man to take us up in my opinion. . He's a prick and that will show in the players we sign
The blame is solely down to Karl and his horrendous mistakes and huge greed .. especially in the last 3 years...
Despite knowing for a long time it still hurts alot to see us relegated officially
me and @scottmoran8 are sat with a brew and biscuits, watching X Factor videos and playing FM15 .. living the dream
Everyone back home is smashed and I'm getting ready for the beach!
Now I have to listen to Mark Bosnich at half time
This game is well worth staying up for, Soccer Saturday with Geoff and the gang after also!
Hes a keeper a Belgium keeper, Simon Mignoletttttttt
Moreno and Markovic should both go home now
Arsenal vs Liverpool, looking forward to this one!
Boat party on Sydney Harbour was class last night, the view was unreal as well! So happy with my life right now
Wolf of wall street in bed.. very chilled
Catching up on league of their own!
Finished work and now for a long weekend! Beers to celebrate
Running for the bus is never fun!
Im gonna sleep for this whole weekend
im a massive zombie tonight, early HIIT class then an early finish at work! I love my new job
Almost falling asleep on this bus
Smashed it at work today! Can't wait to start earning some serious money now and get saving
Ended up out on a school night for @scottmoran8 birthday. . Todays going to be tough
This weekend has flown by! Atleast I have a 4 day weekend next week #Easter
2 hours untill the weekend!
Love a good tim tam
Might do my first desk pop today
Wow .. todays headline .. parents demand answers as they were given the wrong baby
Depression is such a nasty illness .. takes lives every day .. no matter how old. Rest in Piece 'Lil Chris'
2nd day of earning money, I'm going to be rich at this point!
Someone is sporting some horrific music on this bus
Going to have to get used to getting a bus and a train twice a day, 5x a week just to get to and from work
Chatting to my Nan's best friend tonight about my travels, wish I could tell my nan all my stories tho! Sure she's watching :)
Apartment to myself tonight with no films on TV ffs
Today is sooooo hot! Sweating my chebs off
Can't wait to get home and have tea ready with a brew @scottmoran8
Woke up for work, quick watch of El Classico before hand
Stevie gerrard shouldn't play again untill 4th is secured now, absolutely shocking ... they are a better team without him
First day at my new job tomorrow. . So excited but abit nervous now!! Feels weird setting an alarm and making my lunch!
Very dangerous that there's a zara near where I live
Where can I stream Game of Thrones?
All nighter watching Game of Thrones and playing Football Manager #LivingTheDream
Just had a double zinger burger with potato gravy .. now fully in a food coma
‘You hear managers say all those things... “It’s not  my team. They aren’t fit enough ‘Oh, come on. Fans  aren’t fooled by all that"
Quote from Craig Bellamy:
Tom Ince has always come across as a twat
New job means a well needed hair cut
Lads are at work so im participating in a girls night in, with unlimited Kit Kats, brews and Ex on the Beach #SimpleLife
Very excited to start work on Monday now! Finally start earning some pennies again
Need to sort my sleeping pattern out big time
Finally started watching Game of Thrones .. so far so good!
Everyone's going out again and i'm in watching them drink .. Cant wait to drink Saturday now!
Does anyone have a spare Sky Go account so we can watch the Man City game please?
Another beach day on Bondi https://t.co/YmIVHadGxg
Pork sausages are 10x nicer than beef sausages, so why do Australians only buy beef sausages? They can't even do a proper BBQ either
Just changed my return flight home .. Looks like I wont be home for a holiday until June 2016 now #Thailand #Cambodia #Vietnam
Noodles, beef sausages and eggs for tea .. Not ideal but it taste's very good
Late night gym session .. need to stop being a slob and get back into my routine!!!
