fire up for a big game tomorrow night boys! #lift #redv @joel_thompson12 @Josh_Dugan @garethwiddop
wally lewis makes me feel sick
they should change the footy shows name to the "crappy show"
lol DCE
it was actually jack de belin's proper tackle style that caused the high tackle.
Geeez @TheBlock9 could be a much better show without challenges and that knob Keith
Tyson Frizzel out for 2 games is a joke. Never had a judiciary charge in his life and was a complete accident where the guy fell! #mediahype
why are they taking origin to Melbourne again? it's a qld and nsw thing! u don't see the afl taking the gf to Sydney
Kevin Walters sounds so dumb
can't wait to see all these losers wearing the iWatch 🙈
Right down the outside Impulsive Spirit! what a win great call @hkdarren #trialledwell #bang
Ikin "Broncos have caught everyone by surprise" well not exactly. I had them as one of only 3 clubs to win the premiership
I agree with Matty Johns a lot of the time but sometimes he says some things that are just so dumb
that was the worst call I've seen all year #refsincrisis
Peter showed today why he should be in the first grade side for good!! @WallyFrogmore @jDARNELL96
it must be the curse of my hookers. seggy 33 pts and lichaa 26 pts 😳
Euan Aitken = Dragons next Matt Cooper
well they won't be throwing any bottles today... the fans are leaving 😝
wtf that was the worst penalty I've seen all season
I'm worried about nsw origin and their halves. no nsw half deserves a jersey this year apart from Reynolds (injured). their all playing shit
Saint Benji
Mitch rein is always good for a couple of errors 😡🔫
omg Farrell I don't think it's that hard to put the ball down then!!!
if L'estrange plays another shit game today he should be dropped
sooooo my taxi driver is going 55-60km/h on a 80km/h road. #cunts
panthers medical bill would be quite expensive
BANNNNGGGGGGG Avoid Lightning best bet landed
the two I like Chloe in Paris (good go) and Avoid Lightning
Eels are playing so bad yet again
Grand Marshall isn't even group 3 class.
Grand Marshal jumped out of the ground!!!! what the actual
I've seen it all!!!!!!!!!!!
Catkins just doesn't fire at Randwick and I'm convinced she goes better on good ground
Armanpour #turnitup
everything points to catkins winning this
John Sargent definitely likes his stay long fillies!
Kuro looked like he was deadset running in quicksand
Sempre Libera #keen
Huge drift on the French House late 😳
Avoid Lightning biggest go of the day at randwick?
Sadler's Lake to kick off Joao Moreira's day
$21-$1.7 La Dolce Vita.... only in qld
this Oaks should be renamed last filly standing it's fallen away to nothing! winx with moreira on and a loving to wet tracks gets her chance
Randwick
r4 SL
r5 Kuro
r7 Catkins
r8 Hartnell
r9 Adelaide/ Criterion
r10 Avoid Lightning

Flemington
r2 The French House
r3 We've Got This
So there's jockeys rating the Randwick track a soft 6 but the track managers saying its a heavy 8? can these guys do anything right? no
I reckon laurie daley would have put a line through both Pearce and maloneys names for origin tonight
4 players scored more points then Gallen in his own team this week #rare
thanks Gallen 55 pts
hunt is outplaying both the roosters halves so far
jack bird carving up again. good one muholland getting rid of a junior kangaroo #idiot #fuckoff #SaveOurSaints
have the roosters watched any video on Ben hunt?
NRL get your shit together. two games on at the same time!
parramatta eels are wasting their salary cap
would be nice of the Waller stable to give an update once in a while about Adelaide
Why is Boss off Who Shot Thebarman?
I'm very keen to take on First Seal this week! Noble Protector from Catkins #LoadUp #2chances
round 6

roosters 1-12
sharks 1-12
eels 13-18
warriors 1-12
panthers 1-12
Storm 1-12
dragons 1-12
cowboys 1-12
Ralene Castle looks like a typical Bulldogs fan that has come from the Bankstown ghetto selling Coacaine
can't believe Cowboys are $2.08 this week.
