I like to think that like how Muslim extremists like to blow shit up, feminist extremists like to whinge, complain and be offended.
I saw the same girl laugh at the jokes he was making about the blind person and about everything else before hand. Whoopsie.
Last night I saw some salty girl walk out of Jim Jefferies show as he was smashing out rape jokes. They were hilarious.
What is better than prawns? Prawns with that hectic sauce.
What defect lies in human makeup that allows us to believe in the specifics of religion when we've already engineered sugar free ice cream.
If I got rich I would have a personal chef, masseuse and driver. Or, my mum who is qualified at all three could just step up her game.
Feminism by definition is awesome. Feminism in practice is terrible. Because there is nothing equal about an inferiority complex.
Can't sleep. Might as well read Harry Potter so I have something to talk about with Emma Watson when she becomes my main hoe.
Every time I eat a subway cookie I come closer to understanding object sexuals.
Don't got time for stomach cramps. Can't even imagine pregnancy. Having a human boot your stomach from the inside. Torture.
Using the staff toilet like an absolute G. VIP up in this bitch.
I genuinely care more about who came 1st in a year 7 spelling B at a random school than who won the NRL grand final.
Nutrigrain might never allow me to finish a triathlon but goddamn it tastes gr8.
Had the worst dream. Peggles ran away and I couldn't find her. I love my dog more than pizza and energy drinks.
Males are so fucking stupid, honestly. All they want to do is plant their seed but they're fertilizing the soil with roundup #deep
4) definitely 0 chance of getting laid now, champ, at least not by an actual female, not one that poses as one with a BBC in gaol
3) cry about friend zone and then initiate killing spree
2) surprised and so mad when said girl doesn't want to mingle partly due to slut shaming
I've said this before but slut shaming is SO counter-productive.1) you call a girl a slut for complying instead of congratulating her
Having haters doesn't make you famous, especially when you're not famous and you don't have people that love you to counter balance the hate
Sometimes I get sad because I'm not a girl so saving up for a boob job and using filters wouldn't get me access to the banks of millionaires
The fan at the gym isn't a fan, it's what they make tornados and tsunamis with. I wouldn't be surprised if it previously powered jets.
Trust me, it would work. I'm sure with my long hair I've been an unfortunate surprise to some males.
Alternatively, screen clients with brain wave reading electrodes and the ones that are aroused by manikins in a pair of joggers get rejected
Perhaps open a massage parlor next door and by massage parlor I mean handjob parlor.
It should be compulsory for some males to masturbate before entering a gym. I think that would help remove the common 'rapey' vibe.
Guys at the gym, as they walk in, before exercising: "omg so sweaty let me wipe my forehead with the bottom of my shirt" *looks at abs*
But really, it's mainly young girls with good glute genetics that only squat to piss in the bush at a 16th and claim "Squat" status.
Fuck that "girls that squat" movement. I've done squats for longer than your bitch ass but I'm not entitled to taking booty selfies. Unfair.
I find it weird how people get really into shows like the bachelor. Do they have an emotional void that they're trying to plug with romance?
It's unsettling to sit near an old frail lady who's whole being is made up of cuteness and know that she used to ride the shit out of the D.
Get your crazy ass away from males and closer towards your boyfriend or a black hole.
What about them whores in relationships that make advances towards you or someone else but then on social media they pose as being in love.
"I could NEVER eat mcdonalds" *eats baggie of pingaz and washes it down with alcohol*
How about people that boycott McDonalds for health reasons but trust their drug dealer to provide MDMA and not bath salts with ice shards.
What's with people hating on energy drinks that 1) drink coffee 2) eat pingaz 3) don't exercise
It's "milestone" not "mild stone". Nearly.
You can't be that good without having a flaw, and his was pissing on little girls. Fair trade.
How good is R.Kelly's I Believe I Can Fly! Hey, I don't care if you pissed on a girl, that song is hectic.
Got hit on today. It was very cheesy. Imagine being a girl. Gross.
Taking Peggles for some sprints down at the field. This is easy for a dog with an apparent coke addiction. Not for her human snail owner.
Oh god now she's bitching about white bread. Pretty sure having whole grain isn't going to counter your fetish for Big Macs.
Apparently chicken, lettuce &amp; mayonnaise is a terrible combination.Sorry chocolate pudding and ice cream weren't on the sandwich menu today.
So this morbidly obese lady won't SHUDDAFUKUP about her free sandwiches that don't meet her deep fried standards.
Had to take a week off the gym due to sickness. Not worth.
Spaghetti, meatballs, melted cheese, can I getta hella yes, pleaaaase. So much yum.
I should use twitter more. I have far too many thoughts that should be documented so they can be used against me if I ever try to be PM.
Anyway, my point is, no one wants to talk to you while they're training if you have dick.
Maybe not, though. Because then the amount of testosterone in the air could produce a pair of testicles and impregnate me.
Working in a gym would be heaps easier if I had a pussy.
DAVEOS FAK YE M8888
Smiles make the world go round. And they're more contagious than aids. So go infect people with your smile.
Give me mushrooms and I'll create a much more modernly relevant religion with a basis on morals rather than power and deception.
I live in a world where it's normal to believe in thousand year old stories that are a product of too many mushrooms.
Thank fuck I have pokemon for the car trip. Mother's Day is actually quite the fun time.
Time to go to newtown for ma day and eat good food until I've put on weight.
Job interview today went smooth as fuck.
Way prefer Facebook with less of the shitty people I have on it and more of the funny, offensive shit.
I AM SO BURNT FUK WUT DO I DO
If you drink beer your whole life I expect a single schooner to be consumed in under 10 seconds, and that's being easy. #pickupyourgame
Pretty appalled by the #neknomination efforts. Even as a non-drinker, I could show y'all a thing or two.
Field Day beat me.
Too many people on facebook that I don't rate, so Merry Christmas, twitter cunts!
House is haunted or I'm about to get raped. Yolo.
If Mum's friends would leave the household, I could get back to cooking my food as I am starving, bitches.
Haven't taken enough selfies during this cut. I'm doing it wrong. I didn't even go to stereo. Lol, I'm so silly.
Below 80kgs as of today. God, I'm so skinny it's disgusting. Pls let me be 90kgs again.
Kidding somewhat, she is good at art but just not at making me look like a god.
In the picture I look like my spine has convexed and consequently my back is forced into that of the hunchback from Notre Dame.
Mum drew a picture of me and somehow she managed to make me uglier than in real life. I thought she was good at this stuff.
Boat people is one of my faves. Apparently they're everywhere but somehow no one has ever met a boat person.
Oh. Speaking of dead shits, how funny is it when they debate religion, politics or anything.
When I read dead shits talk between each other I usually fail to make sense of their interpretation of English.
Get me a puppy pls.
Pretty sure that isn't nearly as offensive as being forced to listen to Justin Bieber whilst training. Double standards?
Kicked out of the gym due to changing "Go Aussie Tahmoors", referring to the power lifters competing this week, to "Go Pussie Tahmoors".
You don't say you love me to your friends when they ask you, even though we both know that you do.
Key to my heart is telling me I have big forearms. I don't care if you're lying, I just don't like having female wrists n dat.
Would be worth it. I'd apply for The Biggest Loser and sleaze on that blonde trainer.
Recently I've been spendng a lot of time thinking about my next meal. I could easily find myself morbidly obese in the coming year.
81.7kgs now. Brb crying.
Too #skinny for real life.
I really can not be bothered to go to the gym. I just wanna be in a swimmin' pewwwwl.
Where da sun at? Come out pls.
Listen out gonna be fuuuuuunnnnnn
B b b b beeeend yo ass over
Sleeping pills are fucking wicked. Fuck what the doctor says.
UMM CMON LUCAS I WANNA TRAIN LEGS
LEG DAY ALL ON MY OWN OH MY GOD ME SO SAD
Comedy show tonight. It should be good if I can hear anything over my dads laugh.
#ruokday
omg this weather is just beaut erryday
DON'T TRUST A HOEEEE
dayyyyyyyyyyyyyuuuuuuuuuuum if only
Luv-ahhh-leeee day!
Ty mr sun for coming out again.
BAD BITCH DOUBLE DZ.
OH MY GOD LAWWWWWWWWL.
FEEELIN ALL THE LOVE I SWEAR IT'S IN THE AIIIR.
So cold and it ain't even chilly. May consider swallowing some boiling water to warm my insides.
I DON'T LIKE LISTENING TO MY PARENTS 70'S MUSIC. PUT SOME FIDDY CENT ON YALL.
Actually really dislike meeting my mum's friends. They're all so strange and awkward. Not sure if it is worth the soggy nutrigrain but.
Just poured some nutrigrain and visitors waltz on in. I leg it to my room. Now my nutrigrain is going to go soggy. #3rdworldproblems
Lilly is a dime.
Idk what makes these chickens think it's okay to shit on our deck. Our deck is nice, their house is terrible, but I still wouldn't poo in it
Not sure if someone slipped sand under my eyes or just tired.
Worst.
Would be terrible at interviews post sleep marathon victory, though. Unless they made me breakfast.
I legitimately think a junkie could smoke a bag of ice and fall asleep before me.
Actually, I'd be a good marathon sleeper, just terrible at sprint sleeping. Once I'm asleep, I hibernate.
If sleeping was a sport I'd come last every time but I'd always get the coaches award because I try pretty hard.
It's crazy the problems not sleeping can cause.
Let me sleep. I want nothing more but to sleep.
