Flames my boiiiis
Holy fuck spawning season or something?,everyone is having babies . Everyone.
Did I really need new hunters? No but yes
I don't get why people complain about being single,single is duhh lyfe
I saw you at you're worst and still thought you were the best
She don't love you she's just lonely
http://t.co/Zmht6s7jN2
National siblings day ♥️ http://t.co/nFRfJDf7Wx
Whiskey for breakfast
Did someone seriously jack up my tackle box..not ok.
Ain't rich with money but I'm rich with life
Lately I've been drunk 60% of the time
My feet are too fat for flip flops but they're my favourite #problems
Sleeves on guys are honestly da bomb
Day 3 of leg cramp
I left the stove on for 6 hours 😩 thank the lawd I didn't burn the house down
Seriously why does no one want to go get fucking fries
http://t.co/JXGrkkDOTs
What I wouldn't do for a sweet little something like youu
Single is way
Does this mean I actually have to floss my teeth now?
When I'm drunk and text people I hate &lt; this is why I should not be aloud to have my phone when I'm drinking
I don't mean to be a fattie,but really want a quarter pounder rn
Congrats you're the biggest piece of shit I've ever met
Honestly I need to get outtie,anyone? ✈️
"We don't call her snipes for nothing".. But you don't call me snipes? Haaa
Good thing I woke up with a cold though 😒
Got Gretchen baby back 💃
I wish you were beer
http://t.co/wR9tOBs5ed
Drugs are not ok people
"It's chill"
If anyone's got a vehicle for sale hit a nigga up
Right arm no vehicle
Sometime when your looking back at you're life at the memories this is going to be one of those nights
If anyone cares this is what I did last night lul,barely #seriouslyicantskate http://t.co/VtJPcQ7t0v
Well I was addicted to yikyak for like a day,that was fun
I don't work tomorrow,and I'm not drunk ... I'm confused
Year after year,beer after beer
Best nap today = worst sleep tonight
☺️💃now who's coming with? http://t.co/1qFQcpWtAH
Someone let me use their id next weekend 😩 please
Gets drunk with momma Stan on a Monday
Why haven't I been to Disneyland?,oh right I'm an only child
Squished ear in straighter,I am not alright
Ergghhh
K can someone have a party or
Sooooo fucking over saving everyone's ass
K all these chinks can get off my snapchat
Apply at The View people,especially if you're 19+
"How to not be a pussy staring the 99 pound bitch"
In other words I have a new bff because she brought me 6 cake pops to work 💃
Darin messaged support on "boom beach" because his upgraded machine gun went missing.  I have never laughed this hard in my life.
So serious question,who wants to go to van
If you like country music raise you're hand,if you don't raise your standards
I love when the bathroom locks me out☺️
*3 people bite the dust*
I just want crepes and cream johns &amp; everything chocolate and fro yo and all dressed chips and and and
Anyone going to recess 2015,because kinda wanna go yo
Fuck this dress,I'm so done
Alan Jackson and Josh Turner are "bae"
Might as well share,might as well smile,life goes on for a little bitty while
You're hallelujah, sunday morning All I've ever needed, wanted Underneath this pale moon sky I'm gonna make you minee.
So I hit a dog😥,But it didn't die☺️ #mixedemotions
I ain't all the way crazy just crazy enough
My dad is going to shit his pants,luvvv it. Ty @Ray_Neishka http://t.co/VcVbziQRI3
So this one time timmies literally gave me a loaf of bread http://t.co/dVTUJYnECY
Too early fer twerk
My valentines flowers were $100 😂😂
I look like a potato in jeans but whatever
I already regret buying the miss me jeans I'm going to buy tomorrow
Rusty a f at soccer lol
Good thing I just stepped in dog shit with my bare feet.
Breakfast:coffee lunch:coffee dinner:cake
Regrets &amp; mistakes their memories made
K well I need money to travel and I don't have any so
"Jesus take the wheel" is me all winter
The fact that I'm going to school in vanderhoof of all places
I like your style,I like your class,but most of all I like your ass
You're not funny,I literally laugh at everything
Weisers.
Why did I just spend $50 on a gym pass I'm not going to use? Lol
Wtf, someone just asked what my last name was and I forgot how to say it
Great now I also don't like my dads girlfriend
I have the music taste of a 50 year old man
"My friends call me marshmallow cause I'm soft"
Sitting here watching ice road truckers,I really am my fathers daughter
Go to coras,it's good
Hurry upp. http://t.co/FbrRlNEAFx
Groas my snapchat updated by itself
Why do my feet always get wet in my boots,I don't ... I just don't get it
I honestly don't hate ANYONE more than my moms boyfriend.
