#HabsIn5 **
2 pp goals, scored one on themselves. Still won the game yet fans are all still worried?

#HabsOn5
I'm trying to understand so help me if you can.

Habs played game 1 without top forward and missing top defence half the game, gave up...
Ppl that wanted subban suspended
Pronger doesnt play a game in the league without that stuff
Never even in question that he would be free
This is only game 1 lol

My heart, oh mama!!
The Fuck fans cheering for? Clearly no goal
If it's 5 it's because it's subban ... No other reason, definitely a penalty but that is not a 5
That's just a brain dead penalty, absolutely fuckin stupid 

Although that's embellishing
Wow
Best Time or the year has arrived #NHLPlayoffs
I blame Jason York, game before patches got hurt York said "Habs have had no injuries this year to key players"
Nothing but the open road to Rouyn Noranda http://t.co/EmKkm1U0sM
4:30 wake up call
Hitting the road in an hour, 7 hours up to Rouyn Noranda #DodgeCup #ProvincialChampionships #LSLTIGERS #MidgetEspoir
Dirty!!

what a goal by Rimouski
Better Goalie
Better Defence
More Experience
#Habsin5

Dont care what your season stats say, As of Saturday night #ZeroZeroZero
Je suis en train de jouer au 7e joueur sur http://t.co/OvW4XWz4aV. Joins-toi à moi ! http://t.co/hJc3yXdPIT
For those that missed the Carey Price piece on CBC

https://t.co/KL3tXPrc4U
not even 2 weeks Furious 7 is out n well.Fast and the Furious 8 in the works.Starts with some singing for Paul Walker http://t.co/pfULf2Htbb
TERRRIBLE decision, lol, stupid team
Edwin is swinging for the fences.... why?
Je suis en train de jouer au 7e joueur sur http://t.co/OvW4XWz4aV. Joins-toi à moi ! http://t.co/hJc3yXdPIT
Je suis en train de jouer au 7e joueur sur http://t.co/OvW4XWz4aV. Joins-toi à moi ! http://t.co/hJc3yXdPIT
WOW What a save

Remparts pressing hard to start OT, but Islanders still in it
And Tiger is hurt again
Gap is closing, Rose closing in
Spieth doesnt have his stuff today
Spieth answers right back, restores the 4 stroke lead
Watching the masters all week, I simply can't wait to be out there on the course http://t.co/p1jqsHgNhZ
Nails it #TheMasters
Pressure putt coming up for Spieth
Tiger in red on Sunday at a major #classic
Watching the masters, doing some last minute homework for the big playoff pool draft tonight at 6
Not even 1 Saturday night game in round 1, brutal schedule
Just watched DD shootout like 15 times from ice level ... What a fuckin shot 

"Bullet Shot" - Bob Cole
Congratulations Providence
2nd OVERALL IN THE NHL

Our fans and media are scared, I'm rattled
Impact have given up 7 goals in last 2 games.... Not good
Price wins Jennings and Vezina
Bullet Shot 

I fuckin love you bob Cole
He's disgusting
That includes game 3 and 4 last time
Tickets on sale Monday

I'm going to Ottawa

(Some ppl won't like reading that lol)
I'm 0-3-1 all time there
Habs finish top 3 in the league and our fans are scared and pegging them underdogs, absolutely ridiculous
2 all Canadian matchups in the first round

Habs Sens
Flames Canucks
#HabsIn5
Habs Sens
Don't need negative fans cheering for the Habs, other teams should fear us, not us fear them #NoExcuses 

#GoHabsGo #Habsin5
Not a fan of ppl wanting to "choose" Habs opponent, play whoever your dealt and get the job done #NoExcuses
Fleury finishes with most shutouts
Defence wants to play the wings 

Price is saying nope
With my gf being a Sens fan, my heart may not be able to handle that series
Red wings win
Fleury gonna get most shutouts, Sabres are not scoring
Well, I'm done for the night.

Ppl expect Habs to be playing all out tonight, your nuts, just coasting, goin through the motions
I repeat, just going through the motions, markov looked like a pee wee d-man on that play
so clearly Don Cherry messed up Pacioretty name but i just seen 10 ppl tweet it 10 different ways
habs intensity level is at about a 2 on 10 yet fans freaking out, it's clear they are just going through the motions
ppl need to relax a little big, complete hockey play taking the puck to the net, Price was not run on that play
two 2 on 1s where Gallagher is on the receiving end... 0 shots on net
Bernier.... TOP!!!
DD
waiting for @mckennaconor anthem rating, that thing deserves a special "road game" edition of the rating
The worst National Anthem Ive heard all year
What a save for Spieth on 18
HUUUUUUGE PUTT MICKLESON!!!!
Spieth struggling
Awful tee shot... Still gets birdie

Fun to see Tiger playing well again
A lot of golfers are on fire today #TheMasters
and now its time to watch #TheMasters till 7pm #GoHabsGo #PuckDrop
5 Canadian teams in the playoffs
and with the Sens win, Im guaranteed at least 2 way split in NHL survivor pool

Need Ducks and Pens to lose!!!
The Sens run to the playoffs has been incredible, weather you like them or not, remarkable run to get in, was fun to watch
Mark Fuckin Stone
There is no excuse in the playoffs, whoever you get matched with, it's played on the ice, point finale
Boggles my mind as to why ppl are scared to face Sens or any other team.

To be the best, you gotta beat the best

Beggars can't be choosers
A-Rod is an awesome first baseman lmao
Stone just doesnt stop lol
Is there a worst situation than having 2 washrooms in your house and not being able to use the toilet in either one cuz 2 ppl are showering
but thank you Yanks.. #GOREDSOX #BOSOX #REDSOXNATION
and lastly, what a stupid decision to run with 1 out and A-Rod at the plate
on top of that, he's out by a country mile, so even though bending the rule, they got the challenge wrong
Honestly, what happened to the new rule?
Arent managers not allowed to go see ump and wait for bench to give thumbs up or down?
so McDavid has 9 points in 2 games of the second round lol 7 goals 2 assist

Good Luck London, you're not stopping him
Caps vs isles
Caps vs Halak all over again
Although Ottawa Pittsburgh and Boston not starting at the same time is garbage

Boston will know already, can mail it in, free 2 pts for TB
Hockey is gonna hella fun tomorrow
It sucks that one of, if not both the Pens or Bruins have to get in to the playoffs, They both dont deserve it the way they have played
was a matter of time before they tied it, but he still almost stopped it, just dont understand what he was waiting for to move
Really want the Isles to win, for the simple fact that it will make tomorrow's games CRAZY
If you understand french, and love Kevin Hart.... HAHAHAHAH 

https://t.co/HFa1tIKdO9
Je suis en train de jouer au 7e joueur sur http://t.co/OvW4XWz4aV. Joins-toi à moi ! http://t.co/hJc3yXdPIT
Charlottetown thinks they have a 1-0 lead,Replay shows Remparts scored a minute earlier,20 seconds later,the Remparts lead 2-0. #ToughBreak
J.B Holmes wow http://t.co/CEKlOKWYKJ
J.B. HOLMES WOOOOWWWWW!!!!!

What a shot!!!!!
Amazes me how many fans think its easy to be off 6-7 days and then Just start playing again
Obviously a risk,but Price playing is right move
This will always be the greatest shot in golf 

http://t.co/04VuiAtYjh
Spieth is ripping the masters apart
Dont Know which I'm gonna enjoy more, Vancouver vs Calgary round 1
Or
The fans in Winnipeg #whiteout
Obviously Sharks score on their next shot hahaha
Brossoit is MOSES in nets for Edmonton tonight

38 saves with 10 minutes left, up 1-0
Vancouver vs Calgary in Round 1

Thats gonna be fun to watch

Love watching the Flames
Montreal Calgary Vancouver Winnipeg in for sure from the true north strong and free

Ottawa has their faith in their own hands Saturday
Los Angeles Kings MISS the playoffs
M-V-P #Hart #Vezina #CareyPrice http://t.co/jYiyx3ry0e
The @CanadiensMTL ALWAYS, ALWAYS get it right

Price was not the first star tonight, but this team just ALWAYS gets it right
M-V-P
Whoever is getting that jersey from Price is one lucky SOB
Lars Eller 7 GWG goals

SEVEN
Congratulations @CP0031
43
DONT PLAY HIM ON THE PP
BASH HIM FOR DIVING AT A PUCK HE WASNT GONNA GET

FUCK YOU HATERS!!!! WOOOO LARRY!!!!!!!!
Win one for your goalie!!!

after everything he's done, he deserves ONE!
If Florida holds on, the Ottawa Senators now hold their own destiny in their hands, thats incredible
Tampa just got a PP with 14 seconds left in a tie game.. FUCK!! @josephruvo6
Everytime Emelin is on the ice I expect a turnover, it's not normal
Jeff Petry is our best Forward on the Powerplay
LOL
oh and DD is staying on the ice now after the break
If A HAbs player takes a penalty like that, I would go INSANE
PUT ELLER ON THE FUCKIN POWERPLAY!!!!!!!!!!!

FUUUUCK!!!!

When is someone gonna grow balls and ask him where is ELLER!!!!!!
106 points sorry
2-1 Florida
