When youtube auto generates closed captions. I hope Jackson didn't say this, @torontofc http://t.co/vfH8yZchwq
Habs-1   Ottawa-0   Montreal City Workers who don't have to clean up after a riot because Montreal didn't lose: 1
Well, that was one hell of a Game 1. Close one too. #Sens
Ottawa keeps coming so damn close, just nobody can get their stick on it to finish.
Price has been vital for the Habs tonight.
If the Canadian Tire Center can at least come close to the atmosphere at the Bell Centre tonight (albeit with Sens fans), that'd be sweet
Definitely a tale of two periods. Montreal didn't look nearly as threatening in the first period.
Well shit.
Not even sure why, but hockey doesn't nearly bring out the inner gooner in me like @torontofc does.
If only the NHL playoffs used aggregate. Ottawa would be absolutely top on it.
Holy shit this is a tit-for-tat match.
What a fuckup there. Brilliant
And just like that, it's level !
I don't think the Subban call merits a sending off, definitely a penalty though. Stupid move by Subban but not game-ending worthy.
Ottawa is getting assaulted with sticks here.
Surprised about the amount of Leafs fans cheering for their sworn rival. Huh
Jesus Murphy what the fuck is this
WOOOOOO GOAL FOR OTTAWA! #SENS
Hat off to Floro for pointing out double standard amongst MLS coaches. They bend over backwards for US/MEX call ups, yet opposite for Canada
Watching two lads flirt with the same chick is the funniest thing ever
I hope the @OttawaFuryFC player who was attacked is safe!
Does anyone know if the Argos even tried to sign a new contact at the Rogers Centre, or did they want to be that inlaw that suddenly move in
When butthurt Sunderland fans say that Altidore was garbage.. maybe it had something to do with lack of service?
When USMNT supporters bash Altidore and Bradley and say they don't want him: Fine with me, Toronto loves having them! #TFC
Although it was satisfying to see Giovinco score a goal, I can't wait for him to score an absolute cracker of a goal:He's got the skill #TFC
Can't find tickets for supporter section for the match for @torontofc against Montreal Impact. God damnit, I hate sitting. #TFC
The amount of sad faces in my Historians Craft class when I claim one of the only electrical outlets #BowBeforeYourGodBabylon
I'm almost certain I have Misophonia sometimes.
God I just want this fucking course to be done with already. So annoyed with this paper, and the course. Just give me a 50 and I'll be happy
Damn it, the entire south end isn't available with the pre-sale for the Toronto-Montreal match... I'll have to keep my eyes open for 4 spots
Anyone want to travel to Montreal to troll the Impact and cheer for the other side? It would be the most top notch of banter. #TFC
I'm not gonna watch the game, because that implies I want to watch the Impact, which I really don't want to. #TFC
lol eat a dick Pens, too many men! #SENS
HOFFMAN YOU BEAUTIFUL BASTARD! #SENS
That feeling of adding fluff to a paper to make it fall within the required page limit. #Success
lol now the inboxing of banter from mad Impact fans begins. I wish them well but that's not good enough for those insecure plebs. #Sorry?
The Impact are our little brothers... you want them to do well at their big recital, but can't wait to beat their ass at home. #TFC #IMFC
So, question is, anyone want to go to a Women's World Cup match in Ottawa this summer? I plan on it, because why not be a goon for Canada?
Saying good luck for the Impact is sort of like taking that last shot at the bar. You wanna do good, but then you feel like shite after.
Anyone remember when Bill Hamid shat the bed and kept coming off his line in a penalty? If not, here you go: https://t.co/g0Iieeff4G
lol at the Newcastle trying to buy Bradley rumour. Unless you are going to pay over 10M for him, and TFC head office has a mental lapse.#TFC
Best feeling ever is finishing an essay and closing all 20+tabs #uOttawa
Lol the amount of people subletting in Ottawa for the summer months 😂🙈
Train ticket booked, back to London on the 28th, then back to Ottawa May 8th. Can't wait to see everyone in London, gonna be mint! #Wewt
When you are trying to  write two papers in one night and can barely get the first one going #Fuck
If it takes that one crazy fucking pill from Wolf of Wall Street to make Bloom healthy, he needs it urgently #TFC
Inb4 whitecaps troll
When people scramble to jump on the 95 bus..... do they not realize that there is a 95 bus like every 5-10 mins? #Ottawa
Best fucking message ever from a 10 year old in a GTA Heist at the start "pls dont die k :(" #NoPromises
When some guy stretches his legs way into your side of the booth at the Library #EasyThere #uOttawa
I like how they didn't forget to give Luke Moore a suspension, yet they ignored the goal they fucked up and disallowed? #TFC #MLS
When people decide the Library is a great place to discuss their weekend plans and various shit happening in the NBA.
Also shoutout to @ashtone_m and @Nickismyname, you guys faced a lot of doubters going into the match, but did a good job!
Même avec le résultat, big ups à @CJSimonin pour son 1er match pour @torontofc avec une performance incroyable.Come on you reds! #TFC #COYR
I'm not saying Toronto FC should have won, but it should have been the 2-2 draw it deserved to be. I would have been happy with that
I like how quiet MLS is at addressing their glaring issue in terms of officiating. A bunch of fucking sheep if you ask me.
I love the Caps fans taking a shot at TFC despite having not watched ANY of the match, its quality banter from our little brothers.
Beckerman piss off you greasy bastard
Man of the Match if I am going to be honest, as in the largest influence on the outcome: @PROreferees. Congrats for your (dis)honour!
OH SOD OFF.
JACKSOOOON ! #TFCLive
lol fail, atta boy Bendik for making him look like an absolute idiot ! #TFCLive
What a shock, another RSL player falling over without a reason. This is awful
Real Salt Lake players keep blowing over in the wind.
Tip my hat to you, @ashtone_m. Solid performance tonight! #TFCLive
ARE YOU FUCKING JOKING
WAIT WHAT ?! THE FUCK
GOAL! Wait?
Put Hamilton in for Moore. #TFCLive
Giovinco with a decent crack on goal #TFClive
"went down clutching his leg ridiculously, Salt Lake guilty of drama tonight" Eurosport commentators. Fucking love this commentary #TFCLive
Cheyrou patting him on the back. I am starting to like him more and more. #TFCLive
Awful cross from Creavalle, come on man.
That chant is garbage, sorry RSL fans. The other ones haven't been bad  though. #YouTried
Soccer is a game where your side can look good for 35 minutes, then the other side gets two good chances and converts on both. #TFCLive
ARE YOU FUCKING JOKING
Fucking christ.
If anyone needs a free stream for TFC with British commentators (via Eurosport), DM me. #TFC
I sincerely hope Giovinco bangs in his first tonight, if anyone on TFC is to score, or even Cheyrou
TFC is looking good so far, I really hope this can last. #TFCLive #TFC
Cheers Fox, thanks for playing crowd audio during O Canada. All I can hear is shit talking about Canada. Brilliant. #ClassySaltLakeFans
God Beckerman's hair is gre-ee-easy (said in Bubbles voice). #TFC
Anyone got a link for the TFC match stream? Preferably one with Sportsnet, Fox commentators are shite, not that Sportsnet is leagues better.
lol these Fox commentators clearly aren't TFC fans
