Archer 7 IP 0R 2H 11K 1BB
First Jay on second tonight
Another nice inning for Archer
Sanchez a victim of bad luck in that inning.
Martin 0 for his last 22
Archer strikes out the side
Someone will jump on the desk and throw glitter at ALL the Beer Ombudsman's news conferences because that's how he rolls.
Pretty sure they offer a diploma in Beer Ombudsman Science at DeVry already
"This dispute is going to beer arbitration. " Future Beer Ombudsman catch phrases
Wasn't there a beer ombudsman in Footloose?
I'm getting a Beer Ombudsman T - shirt now
Theory: Suban has Chris Neil in his playoff pool
Duffy Trial Day 8: After his check bounces,  Mike agrees to pay Bayne by being his maid.  However,  he refuses to wear a French maid outfit
I don't think Cameron should have said that out loud.
This O - Town Funk song is horrible and doesn't even have redeeming ironic potential.
So Gibby is doing what Wilner and his callers say he should do, which is also known as deliberately trying to get fired
Better Restrain Bayne: Coming to HBO Canada in 2016
I will binge watch Season 2 @natnewswatch: Duffy trial could go long, even into 2016 | National Newswatch http://t.co/BICPFbkCmS"
Until Joy Smith shut it down. "@AaronWherry: The saloon that used to be in the basement under the House of Commons was open to the public."
Jian hated lowercase letters
Duffy Trial Day 7: To impress the judge, Mike takes him golfing.  But things go off the rails when Brazeau shows up to caddy
How 'bout that Fernando Rodney?
That's called trolling
Wilner says he "loved" bringing Castro in the 7th
Using your closer not in the ninth, you say
Play not made by Beckham costs the Rays
Duffy Trial Day 6: Mike finds a suitcase of money and goes on a spending spree, finds out it's the judge's, calls Nigel to help pay it back
Solarte error opens the floodgates. 4-0 D backs
Solarte makes a big error.
I'm okay with Bautista going there *ducks
More like Walksberger
Six strikeouts for Dickey. He's probably done for the night
Odorizzi bends but he doesn't break
How Dickey Got His Groove Back. In theaters soon!
The fourth ends mercifully.
Cool story, bro @RWhittall: Oh man Skydome looks bro'd out."
Depends if you are there @RobSilver: @romeoinottawa over/under when first fan gets on field?"
Good pace to this game. Those of you at the game, drink while you can
Dickey surviving self created jams through three
Really unnecessary move by Jennings there
Lotsa pitches for Odorizzi in that inning.
Odorizzi distracted by Bautista at first. Doesn't take much to get in his head apparently
Two K's for Dickey
The boys of summer are back
I wish every game had player introductions
Oh. The humanity.  @ScorinPositions: Don't know what this is yet. Any ideas?! #BlueJays #Toronto #ComeTogether http://t.co/6Q1n7u6cSb"
Out of habit, Shanahan accidentally fired three Toronto reporters at the press conference
Duffy Trial Day 5: Mike and Brazeau share a cab to the court house. The laughs begin when they both realize neither can bill it to taxpayers
Yankees mercy ruling the Red Sox
Ten errors for the Yankees in the first six games
Kyle Davies in a big league game after four years in the minors
Looking at a four hour game
McCann is 4 for six against Breslow with a homer
Yankees have nine errors in five plus games
Base hit for Melvin Betts
I thought Hanigan was the name of a prop comedian
Bucholz comes back
You should know there is a war on raccoons now @Encadwin: On the way to toronto are you ready @bluejays fans? 19 http://t.co/skLth8APlz"
Somehow Didi Gregorious will screw this 7-run lead up
Tanaka walking guys with a seven run cushion
I thought if Stephen Drew homers off you you're sent to AAA
Stop. He's dead already
Not the ideal 1st inning for Bucholz
A - Rod clears the bases
Buckner makes that play.
New and improved Padres just took three of for from the World Champs.
Pillar goes all Ron Svoboda here @BlueJayHunter: Are you kidding me, Kevin Pillar?. http://t.co/ov8xOKRXgj"
Impressive road trip
Whew
Tying run to the plate.
Wilner really needs to dial it down a notch
Orioles haven't had a base runner since Snider's homer
What the he'll is Showalter drinking
Talk about bad managing
Bautista has three homers in 19 ABs against O'Day.  Why is he in there?
Great inning for Osuna. Six Ks in three innings pitched this year
Orioles' pen has retired nine in a row
If Snider is not in this game then the score would be 1-0
Yeah. That just happened.
That's one way to keep Adam Jones in the park
Fine inning from Matuszszsz
Breaking: Leafs have fired Toronto Mayor John Tory. Yes, they have the power to do that
Those lead off walks have a habit of scoring
Wilner talking all kinds of nonsense on the radio now
That official scorer really must hate Snider
We're looking at this game ending at 6
Or not
Snider with a chance to redeem himself
And look who's up
Let's see how deep Hutchinson can go with a five run lead
Four runs on one hit in that inning.
Reyes has three hits in 3 innings
Brad Lincoln catches that ball
Tillman walks bases loaded and Pillar comes up hacking at everything
Leafs on a firing spree
Hutchinson settles down
Pasta diving Pearce
Adam Jones: Blue Jays killer
Early but Tillman looks horrible
Radio booth certain it's a homer
Rick Chiarelli has to be his butler @JimWatsonOttawa: @Senators fans - what do you think I should bet with Montreal Mayor @DenisCoderre
That's .775 baseball for almost two months
The 1969 Mets were 10 games out of first on August 13. They went on to win 38 of last 49 and eventually won the World Series.
Russell Martin dropped down to 7th in the order.
Strike seasons excluded of course
87 points is the lowest Art Ross winning total points since 1968 Stan Mikita
Tolleson at short
