Help computer
Stop all the downloading
I'm a computer
You need to eat a lot. #bigdumpsbigpumps
That feeling when someone from work asks if you've been working out, and you haven't worked out for 5 months :D
Pick up the sock, and then throw the sock
This is just reality, can't afford guilt on a rock band salary
Nai, me'nems Paidrig
Hey I brought dungeons and dragons! Who wants a jar of mayonaise? #thewhitestsenteanceever
Its never loud enough #Whiplash
#manticore @ninjasexparty
Just flail and hope it turns on. #describeyoursexlife
Michael J Fox: Good at making margaritas, bad at stealing tambourines
Sometimes toy just have to but up, or shut up. Sometimes you just need to stop being a pussy. Not everyone will feel bad for you.
"I'm a boss ass bitch" Nah man you a dumbass hoe
Today was a good day. :)
My cat is in heat and will not shut the fuck up. Good heavens what have I done to deserve this
Some of my friends really suck. Happy New Year everyone!
Someone break my hard exterior please
What a wonderful night for drunking
Ugh.
You know what direwolves are right? They're like wolves, but dire.
Some mornings I wake up with a sore asshole. I must be sleeping on it funny
I'm nothing but a washed up drunk.
Meow meowing meowed
Meow meow meows
I've been making a living a killing off it.
I love everyone right now
What people don't understand about raising the minimum wage to 15$ is that everything else will become more expensive. That is economy.
How to make a woman fall in love:
1. Make eye contact.
2. Fuck her right in the pussy.
I was the one who circumsized you #badmissedconnections
I was standing outside with a camera, you in were the one in your washroom showering #badmissedconnections
Did you check your privilege today? If not, can you do so soon please? Thanks
Kamloops is a cool place
In kamloops, bitches
I need an external hard drive
"Hate is baggage, life's too short to be pissed off all the time."
I know I usually make fun of people for doing this, but seriously had such an awesome work out. Thanks @Wacknutz69
"What doesn't kill you, makes you wish you were dead"
Just in case you are all wondering, yes I did go to the gym today. Figured you would all like to know. Cuz yeah, workin out yo
Last night has been one of the best times I've ever had out at the genny. Thanks to everyone who made it so fucking awesome!
Had a talk with a girl tonight that  equalism is a much better word than feminism. It was a good day
Took another picture of myself at the gym and didn't do anything whilst there again. #feelsgoodman
AND THE RKO OUTTA NOWHERE OH MY GAWD
The Maze Runner is fucking amazing.
Every leg day is a struggle
I want everyone to be aware I went to the gym just now. I stared into a mirror, took a picture of myself then left. Another successful day
Who put the alphabet in alphabetical order? #latenightthoughts #cantsleep
I love your hands 'cause your fingerprints are like no other, I love your eyes with that blueish greenish brownish color #repeatstuff
I'm 200 pounds of twisted steel and sex appeal
A guy who throws a boomerang has a hard time letting go
We will never sleep, cause sleep is for the weak. We will never rest, til we're all fucking dead
"If you're going to give me your worst, why should I give you anything?"
"A mind is like a parachute, it can save you if you open it."
Aaaasummalummadoomasummayouassuminimahumanwhatigottadotogetitthroughtoyouimsuperhuman
I have no idea what the fuck to do with myself right now. Goddamn
Oh beer, you're the only one that gets me.
Singing Let it Go as loud as I can, and people are staring.

Deal with it, chumps.
Did dead lifts for the first time ever today. 

I'm hurting.
Suck my dick dude, don't be a fag
If she's not totally pissed, she's extremely annoyed #peopleiworkwith
Some will seek forgiveness. Others will seek escape.
Go away sad thoughts, nobody likes you.
If i were a dick, I'd probably be in @StephenPeters14 mouth right now
Nothing can compare to the glare of a care bear Blair stare.
I say its offensive not to laugh
