theyre having a Biggest Loser thing at work so i might enter and try 😜😜😜
im gonna start going to the gym again i think
my manager is on vacation for the next ten days 😏😏😏😏😏😏
http://t.co/f7fd1E8vkr
also so i can watch some utoob videos i miss my sons
oh my god please i want to be home so i can eat this donair
i forgot my headphones at home so now i have to listen to the general public this is Hell
also omg my landlord is home. i cant wait for him to experience my shitty roommate first hand.
lord im free.
kiseop's lion im screaming. kevin's looks like him hahahhaa http://t.co/FQOB2psBrC
i made it to work on time but my hair isnt done and i dont have makeup on so im gonna end myself
FUCK piece of shit alarm didnt go off now im gonna be late
eyes emoji http://t.co/HpKNmZ0scq
okay pray this old-ass phone of mine works and wakes me up in the morning &lt;3 goodnight my friends. i love u all so much
why do they get these losers to cook so much they CAN'T COOK. &lt;3
my iphone wont charge znd i need an alarm in the morning welp
they won THEY WON A GAME they WON. A GAME. IN THE PLAYOFFS.
I CANT BREAHTE IM CRYING
OH MY FUCKASIGBNEDSGJAFSF
0JRTWS9FGBDSHGJASDKJGAESDOGJOADS
I DON'T CARE FLAMES!!!!!! DO WHATEVER U WANT!!!!
i don't carei don't care i don't care i don't care i don't care i don't care i don't care i don't care i don't care i don't care i don't car
fuck my ASS this GAME
flames you are making me cry tears out of my face please score a goal
if this goes to OT i quit life
http://t.co/pjQ2o4qhDT
im ALIVE
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!! THANK YOU JESUS LORD IN HEAVEN
mfw this game http://t.co/k3Y9epA0uB
http://t.co/flxDb4viUF
shut the fuck up you're gonna curse them cbc
paste boy gelebor
i washed all my sheets and blankets today so i kinda just want to go to bed
this is really testing how much i care
im gonna take this jersey off and see what happens. it has a curse on it
http://t.co/rlPASL4jZ4
@ jesus why do you hate the calgary flames
i got exited for a split second but then i remembered theyre the away team
TT_TT
why
what is this weird skycam
so far all our babies have taken a penalty. this disrespect
*hockey fan voice* meet me in the street
ive been downstairs all day using the tv and they're so pressed please suck my asshole i never come down here
im so glad im going back to work the week my roommates are off goddamn i can't stand them
i don't know?????????????? http://t.co/FsVkKWeUxJ
the kaltire commercial is probably my favourite. it's so canadian
oh my god stop acting tough
im scared
great i love dying
flames ur  killin g  m e
dONT DO IT
oh my goddddddddd just do it i cant handle this
aooasaoskaodlkas
im going to eat my own face
i can't wait for this to go to calgary. i miss the c of red so much
oh MY god this is real
there they are
IT'S HAPENINGING
y'all better be cheering for the calgary flames dont disrespect me like this
omg im gonna start crying actual flames out of my tear ducts
GET OFF THE ICE YOU ASSHOLES THERE R OTHER TEAMS WAITING FOR AIR TIME ON THE CBC
OH MY GOD IT'S HAPPENING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
END THIS
dont you fucking do it sens the flames r coming on soon i wont let u ruin this for me
#14 on the ice #1 in our hearts
my babies MY tiny sons my actual children loves of my life the calgary flames
my heart is racinggggggggggg
they're real
mark stone: i was born with glass bones and paper skin. every morning i break my legs and every afternoon i break my arms. at night i lay aw
me: please love my team
me: but don't talk abt them, don't watch them, don't look at them
uhhh get a lawyer sharp
don't fuckin compliment my team cbc
poh M yiGDO gjesxfocd IT's sO SURREAL that they're in it. they're gonna play a playoff game. im
nashville is killin it
omg pasta rinne i forgot &lt;3
opppppp smashville
guys it just hit me in like an hour i'll be watching flames playoffs with my own eyeballs
oh my GOD RYAN ELLIS I TOTALLY FORGOT ABT HIM &lt;3
where's my child gabriel is he sitll alive in nashville
im dying im so funny
mark stone was like "ow! my mark bone!"
this absolute disrespect for carey prince right now
THEYRE PLAYING DAF T PUNK
HABS
7% is still too much
nice http://t.co/7fAnwLMmf9
it's true i am The Worst. don't be my friend
do you ever grab your phone and check twitter even though twitter is open on your computer...................me neither....................
typical edmonton plumbing commercial
what kind of fuckin idiot is flushing diapers down the toilet
do carey and pk brush each other's beards
listen. it doesnt matter who you cheer for as long as it's the calgary flames
ooppppppp capitals
god john tavares grew into his nose im smitten
ohhh blobby ryan. the one-time love of my life
lmfao carey's only weakness: his own team
a cat to take naps with
remember when john carlson destroyed canada
greenlust @askedfour
remember when i was the biggest caps fan in history. remember neuvy. remember MIKE GREEN
oh my god i feel so alive. i missed this sport. do not miss the fandom but i miss the shit out of this SPORT
kpop hockey au
why is cbc trying to act like carey price isnt an actual God from the heaven's sent to save us
cbc the carey broadcast centre
cheering for my brother from another mother carey price
i put my kipper jersey on for the first time in years im living i am back
i forgot to do #bandwagon2015 because the flames made the playoffs so here r my picks: flames, flames, flames, flames flames flames, flames
cbc montage the best part of the entire thing
okay im ready to dive back into this bullshit sport
should i go all out and get wings w this pizza
i want PIZZA
http://t.co/tOHfO4HBpY
please destroy this group http://t.co/aZqIOwM0FW
why is my internet acting a fool im sotting 5 feet away from the router
same http://t.co/JbeLMig3WS
im always at work and when im not at work i want to stay home and watch youtube and drink wine let me live
my friend is constantly trying to get me to go play nintendo with her and a bunch of our other friends PLEASE IM OLD i want to stay home
BUTTER CHICKEN LIFE
my hair smells so delicious
i was gna make butter chicken n rice 4 supper but i kinda just want pizza
vc where is this game i want to play
😶
this game isnt on til like 8 wtf am i gonna do for six hours theres nothing on tv
NAS-TEA
chihuehue
i gots to shower but im scared my fuckass roomies will steal the tv from me
claiming the tv now so these roommates of mine dont take it
i love dying http://t.co/poH46sNOs9
me: *been into them for 5 minutes*
me: i miss them
dongho's so cute i miss him
istg http://t.co/8tXaK51Ys2
alright i gotta clean my room and tehn watch this ukiss thing til my eyes bleed and then FLAMES
rap, uh, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7
Omg vc look what was in my timehop im crying @baldchekov  http://t.co/wqTkWrlAwU http://t.co/dr2RvOMlpG
ffs stop using "Sedin Sisters". stop calling hockey players Women to try and degrade them. Stop using Women as a punchline. i hate hockey
wow omg so cute http://t.co/CjUyjRCXd3
