Everywhere is anywhere is anything is everything. Absolutely loved the Douglas Coupland exhibit at… https://t.co/zqAJQg0u1V
oh.
okay out of the prison that are the ttc subway lines, how are we holding up pens?
just saw a picture of klopp and promptly lost it again.
citrus fruit thinks they’re so special, needing their own juicer.
wow that excerpt from martin fletcher’s book about the bradford city fire was tough to read. http://t.co/A2ybs8IFrr
random communist/socialist twitters keep on tweeting me though i am quite a bit more right than that.
took my contacts out and not bothering with glasses before i sleep so every preds player looks like james neal to me.
ummm the laundry/dyer turned off by itself so i will count that as a victory? except my clothes are still wet so the dryer didn’t run?
which has the bigger cult following: maggi noodles or shin ramen?
Huge #police presence on University Ave, I wonder who they are escorting considering its my tax… https://t.co/rObnGKoEly
my roommate just passed on freshly baked cookies, i think perhaps she has no soul.
tipsy cookie baking at 11pm because i want to bring celebration cookies to the office tomorrow.
okay trying my laundry machine for the 4th time after reading the manual, let’s do this.
i am not drunkenly baking celebration cookies.
OMG MY PAPER WAS ACCEPTED INTO THE AMERICAN HEART JOURNAL!
i was so engrossed in my washer/dryer manual that i missed the first 20min of criminal minds. #howisthismylife
Delicious housemade sausage and rapini #pizza, thank you aljosa15k for the delicious #dinner. @ Pizza… https://t.co/x8Cik6PPP8
nevermind, found it, who wants to read this and come over and fix my machine? http://t.co/jWjfadiVsh
why can i not find an user’s manual for my laundry/dryer, it’s the ariston 1020eo...
ummm when i switched from hockey to daredevil the senators were winning.
okay turned on my haunted machine again, please let it actually wash and dry my clothes tonight.
Cacciatore salami #pizza, almost like bacon but without the streaky fat. #dinner @ Pizza Libretto https://t.co/ItoZ47jjB2
watching the habs ottawa game in french with the futile hope of helping me retain my french.
using toilet paper to remove eye makeup because my qtips and cotton pads were lost in the move.
ahhhhh i forgot playoffs have started, came home to hockey madness.
i will never make it to a klopp coached dortmund game. #depressing
the telegraph liveblog is a joke and the only thing that makes klopp's leaving a little bit less dim.
massive feels over klopp, but the only thing i can really say is thank you.
okay i need to get off twitter, the klopp news has destroyed my morning/soul.
wow, woke up to heartbreaking news about klopp, will deal with this by eating a second breakfast.
okay i unplugged the laundry machine clothes water and all until i can figure something out.
ummm my new washing machine has been spinning the same load for over two hours now and the off button does not work. #help
overheard on the streetcar: “i love flight delays”. ummmm...
okay just did the second ep of daredevil and even more impressed.
is there sernando happening?
ah there’s champions league? totally slipped to the very back of my mind.
whoa i just got a weird grey screen of death on my work macbook, this is not good.
whoops put a little too much argan oil into my hair today so it looks a bit greasy even though i just washed it.
ugh what does it even mean when they say your train is delayed due to signal problems?
just walked into a doorframe hard enough to break my big toenail, it couldn’t have happened a month ago when it wasn’t sandal season?
i am okay if the islanders win the cup, because i want john tavares to have nice things for losing his teeth so young.
omg i just realized daredevil guy is tristan from stardust.
what is going on with lupul? will he still be changing tires in toronto?
okay ep1 of daredevil was pretty good, gave him just the right amount of tragic backstory and grit to make it enjoyable.
okay watching daredevil while taking a bath, let’s see what the hype is all about.
these 95km/h winds are rattling my windows even worse than my upstairs dj neighbour please have died down by the time i sleep.
babka vs pain au chocolat today.
omg david villa hawking blackberry products stoooop.
