I feel like I'd be a good politician.
Tomorrow I'm sure I'll be asked "Hey did you see the hockey game last night?" To which I will respond "No I watched Caddyshack."
The hardest part of traveling for work is being away from loved ones :( http://t.co/VdchbTHsy1
I miss Halifax.
.@realrobbwells  I'm sad I wasn't in Halifax to support one of the last industries we have left in NS....Also I'm caving a donair.
Hurry up Friday, I need rye.
I didnt smoke today, I'm out of rye, and I spent more than 20 minutes at the gym.....who am I?
I forgot to wear pants to the laundry room at camp. I only realized I didn't have pants on when I was on the way back to my room.
"I'll let HER make MY Kraft Dinner ;) "
Did I see @JennySmithh at Syncrude today?
I wonder what @briannajj is doing right now.
I like when people make fun of kids watching those videos on youtube of other people playing video games, then go watch hockey.
Cape Breton rant room showcases what's wrong with Cape Breton.
.@SethMacFarlane @HillaryClinton "Hillary Clinton 2016" http://t.co/tnQtcaJPVo
My mother is also one of my favorite people on social media. http://t.co/2ap9ZITORU
My brother keeps asking for the password on my old phone so he can have it, but there are soooo many old nudes on it.
I wonder if there will be a market for "vintage cellphones" in 30 years?
I thought I lost my sunglasses this morning and I imagine it's what mothers feel when their children are missing.
Sooo tired....
I can't wait to not hear anything about the goings on in people's university lives.
Don't get even, get mad.
.@KevinSpacey is so fucking good.
I don't fit in Toyota Corollas.
Sleeping in for me is sleeping till 7:30 LOL
.@briannajj and I are talking about my penis.
I'm going to fort mcmurray tomorrow to buy running shoes for the treadmill because I'm gross when I'm naked.
When I'm back home I want to hang out with @kristinkoleszar everyday.
Being drunk at camp is great, I can just walk down the hall to bed LOL
When people are talking to me about work, after work, the whole time I'm thinking about what tool I would use to beat them in the face with.
I see the added a feature to snapchat to remind us that were terrible people.
I miss @tylormoore 's cat sometimes. It used to meow at me until I fed it some of my donair.
I've had "Hooked on a Feeling" stuck in my head for like 3 days now. I just want it to stop.
I can't decide if sex on a trampoline would be fun or annoying.
I love that I have an excuse to buy a zippo
If you're not about to watch #MadMen I don't know what you're doing with your life.
Happy Easter and premiere of #MadMen day!!!!
Idea for a business: A taxi service that just sends someone to drive you and your car home.
I'm basing my whole sleep schedule on what time the season premiere of #MadMen is coming on tomorrow.
I'm gonna have such a great ass after this job.
"@HuffingtonPost: New report finds millennials are the gayest generation yet http://t.co/ma16vrPmsJ" probably.
I'm having late night cravings for shepherd's pie because of @MrJamesMay
I follow a lot of people on Instagram in hopes that they'll do naked stuff.
I'll like to thank you religious folk for giving me four days of double time this weekend. I may even have fish tonight.
.@funnyordie my Internet cut out right here. http://t.co/8KCDkSpxi0
I'm as obsessed with @MadMen_AMC as @CNN is with plane crashes.
I actually like living in a camp in the middle of nowhere for a few months a year.
I like that we've moved from Internet slang to (mostly) proper punctuation.
We're you ever about to tweet something and then think: no ill end up on the news or something.
This is about to be the most expensive cab ride I've ever paid for.
It's okay to be an asshole. We're all asshole sometimes because we all have assholes.
It's okay to be an asshole.
Don't be a dick or a pussy.
It's good to be liberal, but don't be a pussy.
I'm so tired of political correctness. We all think terrible things and say terrible things sometimes, don't pretend you're an angel.
I find April fools both hillarious and infuriating.
It feels really good to put down your phone sometimes and just space out.
Seriously, fuck April fools.
Next week I will have an income again and I can buy a bunch of fancy clothes.
I'm really into this lighter. http://t.co/2XslUrghET
I just walked from 118th Ave to the west edmonton mall. So I'm celebrating my accomplishment with mall chinese food.
Working in a call centre for 3 years makes you excellent on the telephone.
I guess it's a good thing that my fear when taking a drug test isn't if I will pass it or not, its that I won't need to pee when I get there
What if instead of separating gender, we have a bathroom for peeing and a bathroom for everything else?
"What's that kids show with all the dancing sex toys?" - dad trying to remember the name of Yo Gabba Gabba.
Ew I'm live tweeting like some stupid fucking millennial #BieberRoast
Martha Stewart was actually good HAHA #BieberRoast
Martha is just sitting there like if you brought your grandmother to your friends house to watch you do coke. #BieberRoast
Fast and Furious 7 looks like an orgy of what men in unwashed baggy jeans and accidentally knocked up girlfriends wanted to see in 2003.
Wh.....why is Martha Stewart on the #BieberRoast ?
24 hour tv news is awful.
I want my whole life to be mid-century modern. http://t.co/APDRHScTjD
It feels so good not to be unemployed and poor.
Just think, everyone on that Halifax flight that crashed now get to say "I was in a plane crash."
Drunk, fat, unemployed Crocker will return December 2015.
I've officially come out of semi-retirement.
I bet I'm the only male in West Edmonton exfoliating their face right now.
"I wrote on twitter" sounds way better than "tweeting" to me.
"I'm gonna get in shape when I'm out west this time"....crack beer at 9 am and lights a smoke....types this tweet while eating at Dennys.
My new hotel room is greeeeasyyy
Edmonton is a confusing place for my penis.
It's good that there's still people out there that make good honest original music. You're awesome @okgo http://t.co/n3knxhedbr
Hey @okgo  here's what the back of your heads look like! http://t.co/XejIb8yEYW
I'm at my first concert ever right now and it's @okgo so I'm pretty sure I did this right.
I know so many pretty girls.
Let guy bonds be guy bonds.
"@HuffPostCanada: Future Shop closing all Canadian stores, kills 1,500 jobs http://t.co/8r3zoeiVdG" holy shit.
Words can not describe how much I do not care about Kim Kardashians hair, but for some reason it's apparently news every week.
My hard Cape Breton accent is quite noticeable when out of province.
A lot of people want a wedding and don't realize that is followed by a marriage.
Ideal date: make out and cuddle in a bed of liquor and chinese food.
If I don't get a job today or Monday, fuck it I'm doing porn.
.@_kelseya always looks so classy and pretty.
I did not know hooters was still a thing. Why is hooters still a thing?
Alberta, I am inside of you.
It's silly that I think it's silly but I donno.
I feel like using the gay hashtag on Instagram photos in 2015 is counter productive.
All I had to eat today was rye. The booze not the bread.
See it all worked out! @JeremyClarkson #OneDirection http://t.co/Y7NTziPO5T
People that say they "hate smokers" have never hung out with the cool kids.
I wish you were still allowed to smoke in airports...or anywhere. Sorry I'm still a person that does that and enjoys it.
What did we do at the airport before cellphones and wifi?
Since when has Sydney airport looked like Don Drapers apartment?
CUZ IM LEAVIN' ON A JET PLANE. DONT KNOW WHEN I'LL BE BACK AGAIN.
All my bags are packed, I'm ready to go.
.@TraiIerParkBoys new season comes out the day I'm in Alberta getting a job. Seems appropriate. I'll have to pick up some swish.
Off to Alberta today, my plan is to trade the weight I gained while I was off for money LOL
Fuck One Direction, @JeremyClarkson being fired is more important.
I'd ace it.
Driving a stick shift through town while eating a slice with hot sauce about to drip off should be on the drivers exam.
"@BBCBreaking: BBC drops Jeremy Clarkson as #TopGear host, director general confirms http://t.co/G2zED4uX0N http://t.co/3QvD5G9DGz" oh cock.
How does one live large? You just keep moving. So back to Alberta tomorrow.
I want to make a movie in which I play a fictional version of myself who finds god and becomes religious and call it "50 Shades of Jesus."
"Longest relationship: like 3 fuckin years"
I kind of liked when skype and facetime weren't a thing.
"@HuffingtonPost: Vin Diesel thinks "Furious 7" will win Best Picture #hero http://t.co/h5nCkG7Wav http://t.co/9qjzaw2ca0" HAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
You can believe there's an afterlife all you want but it's still a crap shoot, so why not make sure your time on earth is spent living?
I'm always so surprised when I find out people my age, that I know, are really religious. To each is own but....why?
The day my dad got rid of his house phones, he gathered all the cordless phones up and beat them to pieces with a sledge hammer.
