Me: *completely forgot I have an English seminar tomorrow and does all the presem in one night*
I can't look at my grad pics online because my last name won't work
How dare she http://t.co/kHyNXVIcYm
Yes the rumours are true.I do have a foot,but I still hate the carrollfoot
Still thinking about the Volkswagen ya ya ya commercial
Wow I was the only drunk person on twitter yesterday and now I'm the only sober person? Tf?
I can't believe macklemore is dead
Leave pepe the frog alone
Face face lol
Me: drunk enough that I have to look at my Instagram 1cm from my face face
I found my grad suit and hot damn
😍 http://t.co/A3jWoSKcQQ
I went on a bike ride today and I am so out of shape I should not have had that 6th twinkie
Nice http://t.co/SieaXyuA6A
It's ridiculous how often I dream about showhomes
*is salty because he's not a platinum member on club Nintendo this year and wants dk tropical freeze*
O my god I just realized why twitter accounts without pics are eggs. Because birds lay eggs. And they r newbies
Why have my intestines forsaken me
Things that got me fucked up rn:
-antibiotics
-clarithromycin
-strep throat
-pokémon shuffle
"@nenshi: Working late at my desk with the news on in the background on my super fancy office tv. #ableg http://t.co/NKtdLxkTg3" the SHADE
I don't even like yoshi
Pls http://t.co/xnNSYmsStj
K the yoshi yarn amiibos are the first ones that have really appealed to me wtf they are so cute
"Ads taylored specifically for you" http://t.co/BssA2hAslE
I'm in love with that "ya ya ya" Volkswagen commercial wtf
Nintendo Wiill not April fool me tomorrow, especially on this year of Luigi
Big Gay
The coyotes are howling and they literally sound like a pack of poodles
I LIVE for mid afternoon naps
Back at it again at krispy kreme
REQUESTING POETRY WEEK A 30-1PRE SEM APPLY WITHIN
Holy shit I'm on the train and someone's phone rang at full blast and their ring tone was all-star by smashmouth
Mr roculan and I have to battle now he has disrespected me
The enema of my enemy is my friend
Ted Cruz was born in Calgary fun fact
Why can't ppl understand that by "morning" I mean 11:00am-2:00pm
This is actually so 😭😭😍😱😛😛 https://t.co/5BnTApXpqy
then
I fuck the bagel
Canadian Light Source http://t.co/V38p1AQlDt
I will never stop raving about how awesome Shaw go WiFi is
I will fight whoever is running the bchs foot account.what the fuck
#BishopCarrollLateCrew
I haven't taken bio so whenever I see a bio student in the lab holding that nasty-ass husk of corn I'm like...... wyd
I booked a time for my grad photos but I have no idea what I wanna do for them
Talents: fishing for compliments, eating a whole box of kraft dinner,.
Me: 😪
Me 3 cups of wine later: 👽
Remember yolo
Expensive cheese is too good someone buy me a cheese
🚪 @ Ribeira-Rio Douro (Douro River) https://t.co/qa1zpD5EPN
Facebook messenger stickers are literally the best thing Facebook has ever done evR
Me 8pm: shit
Me 1am: fuc
I got a dry shampoo tonightwtf
When u drunk as f but u had a gr8 nite
I fucked up
PSA: don't buy canadian bacon pizza pops
I did like a week's worth of schoolwork in all of february someone help
http://t.co/qI5IddvIvf
First pic, no filter, second pic, positive filter. BLUE AND BLACK http://t.co/rpQZzCgdl2
The gold I kind of understand how you could see it but WHITE???? IT'S BLUE
BOTH MY PARENTS THINK THE DRESS IS WHITE AND GOLD HOLY SHIT
THE DRESS IS BLACK AND BLUE PLEASE STOP PLAYING WITH ME
The announcements have no chill today....first the 11:10 announcements were early now THIS....smh
I've never been so disrespected! Haze his mousey ass!
Some g10 sitting beside me literally took my pencil from my desk and placed it on his desk?! What the FUCK
Cage match between Adam smith and Karl Marx that suddenly turns very sexy
EDWARD HERRMAN?!?! RIP OMG :((((
Meryl streep's neck should win a lifetime achievement award how she do that
Jesus someone throw nph a bone
.....
Zoe seldana is on FIRE damn
Cool!
Meryl streep can do no wrong
Best part of the ceremony so far
I want the grand Budapest hotel to win everything
Steve carrel looks so salty
Awww tegan and sara killed it
Why am I always craving ice cream. What the fuck
I can't believe macklemore is dead
Oops I missed the retreat
Is there a Mr universe pageant
How do I apply for Mr universe
