Go show my boy some love and listen  https://t.co/woSInaL8T2
https://t.co/woSInaL8T2
Pour another drink for ya boi
Life isnt about waiting for the storm to pass, its about learning to dance in the rain.
Young nigha with old guap
Got a busy schedule and i dont think i can fit you in
Use to send em to the store now we blowin piff wit em
Youll be the man of the house my pops said
The good die young them sucka niggas live
Momma tryna save me, but she dont know im tryna save her!
Throw back to before my prom but shout out to my sister i miss her lots cant wait to see her💙… https://t.co/rio4Wrkfek
My main bitch, she get the main dish.
I love our new kitty cat man such a little fucker haha
I learn so much everyday through my experiences with life and i am grateful for everything i have today. #LearnLife
Hello everyone im about to enjoy this beautiful cake that my beautiful girlfriend made for me. Thank… https://t.co/6Lt3wTaKH5
Been a long 10 days without my baby girl cant wait till she lands tonight😁😍😘@thatsophie_
A big hello from me and my angel @thatsophie_ https://t.co/7OyiY5qOrX
Let me upgrade you
Ridin by myself smokin weed by the acre
St pattys day brew. Cheers to everyone that is celebrating. 🍀 https://t.co/QFcIkvrDOO
Haha robbie ford is known for what he does best https://t.co/0jy34hSJjD
She doin tricks on my dick cuz im a skater!
If you wanna go to the bar drinks on us
Soon enough that wish will come to true
My only wish is to not be owned by the government and to smoke marijuana freely.
This aint no movie. This is real shit. I dont need no script cuz i know my role.
Summer or na? http://t.co/HsCkyOUqTI
Diamonds in my teeth im eatin carrot cake
Everyone who thinks there a better than everyone else. You have another thing coming
I keep striving for a better life. But my life is perfect as it is.
Its not a lie. The sky is actually the limit.
Once you surround yourself with positivity nothing can bring you down
Starting to warm up out here, its beautiful. http://t.co/osl7KFzQW6
Ive got jesus flow
I cant help myself
I done seen it all
Watchu know about thumbin threw them 100's 20's spending 50's spending 10's and them 5's at the mall
You can try to flex like your bitch ass want it
Money makes the world go round
Make 3 grand in 2 weeks spend 2 grand in 2 days lol
I take my anger out on the ice
Gentlemans hockey in fort mac is a joke the other team sucks the refs dick before and after the game
Got a fuckin halo over my devil horns
You had your chance
No time for faggot ass fake people
They hated back then and now they wanna hang!
Its compensation over conversation
Working the night shift http://t.co/V1vt3UKnEA
My girlfriend will beat a bitch up if she wave
People call us drug dealers i say we distributers
Diamonds twerkin on my wrist like miley cyrus
See em in person say something i doubt that
Look at my life man thats lessons on lessons on lessons
Fuck a vacay i feel better at work
Too hollygrove to go hollywood
Hate people who think they are always right
I wanna beat this shit outta this one little fag
Older than me but immature like a 10 year old
Its fucking ridiculous
Majority of the people i work with are fucking queers
I fuck so long it feel like exercising
Only see the truth when im starin in the mirror
Gotta learn to line em up and then attack
Every time they talkin its behind your back
I gave her something to rub on her gums and her face just went numb
Whiskey no rum!
Back on my bullshit again im havin way too much fun!
Dont question me let me breathe
Been a turd on these streets since my curtains was sheets
I dont twerk but i tweek for that purple that pink
On my future shit im too legit i sleep on a crucifix
Might have to go back to slagin yola till the wait is ova, if so then i got baking soda i got baking soda
Sippin lean out a glass nigga
I dont want no problems i just want my money
Fuck it
Its 1:06pm
... The sound of liqour being poured...
Just fuck everything man this we live is a fucking joke
Imma buy some drugs, buy some slugs and shoot at any muthafucka who stands in the way
Delt with bullshit all my life fuck doin whats only right
Give some cocaine ill move it all in bricks
Man fuck this shit
Cuz your on the floor bleeding like a son of a bitch
Not you
Whos laughin now
See ya later
Buddy needs a fuckin knife across his throat
I have a right to be angry tho
Need to learn how to deal with my anger
Imagine a little R double J runnin around and shiet, he'd know how to skate at 18 months on God
Lord i must have blurry vision or niggas got 2 faces
Im in love and i love it
Always have love for the people i spent most of my time with as a teen! That goes for everyone and you know who you are!
I have friends that are family and family that aren't even friends. Aint that fucked up!
She sniffin lines like a movie script but these are true events lawddd
Call me boby trice!
Bussin out the bando!!
Gotta take these cards and flip em ourselves
Im grindin for all my shit
Your fuckin with them real boyz
Money and drugs im talkin math and science
Open your nose ill put some sugar in it
I keep some cocaine on me for the bitches
I lost my mind but i got extra copies
I lost my mind im like fuck everybody
I swear to drunk im not God
I sleep on a crucifix.
Sorry for the wait 2 - lil wayne
Shit remix - lil wayne
Sorry for the wait 2...
#Blessed
I thank God for this new opportunity that he has given me. I will take my money i make and do what is only right.
Ice fishing with this beautiful woman http://t.co/eU1J0u7DOJ
Nancy Grace Battles 2 Chainz over Pot :Think of the Children via Play Tube Free http://t.co/kZvlwAyKlr
I have the shittiest fucking luck
Slangin that dope on the camera
Just want a trip to Dubai
#bellmobility can go fuck themselves
The money turned my tuna into lobster.
The money turned my noodles into pasta.
The money turned me to a monster.
2 hour face time chill with @BraedyMac #AllLove
If i had my own lap top i would probably fucking smash it
I fucking hate computers its all bullshit
Just posted a video http://t.co/CI45aSa7SG
Fuck up out my dope house
MGK- till i die
I suggest you hit the unfollow button if you know you dont know who the fuck i am
My real friends know who they are
I appreciate the motivation @TooTosin
Real mufuckas know whats good @TooTosin
Good to hear from long lost friends, no matter where you are in the world there is no reason you cant hit a brother up and see whats poppin
Nothing i can do about the past, i just try to look forward to doing better than the ones who raised me
Hard not to think negative when the world is full of it
Fuck payin taxes government can suck my balls
Fuck the system imma drug dealer for life
Link me
Who needs cocaine? I be whippin dat shit now
Fuckin right fuck you ya fuckin russians get the fuck outta here
Holy fuck canada better win this fuckin game
The devil is a lie
Dream more
I see you niggas schemin
Im leanin
Im in the 645 hard top not the drop.
Nigga that was my mommas crack spot i got birth rights
Little kids trip me out man
Merry christmas from @thatsophie_ and I, hope santa was good to everyone http://t.co/pCy8jVfbEt
Christmas is a great holiday, spending time with the people you love is the key to a great time
Merry christmas to everyone hope santa was good to you all
I love this woman and i will do anything in my power to keep her happy she means the world to me http://t.co/7Ly0ZRIZQ2
I can never do anything right
Landed safely glad to be back here
I appreciate everyone who i spent time with while i was here it means a lot to me to know that there are good people still in my life
Back to fort mac tomorrow morning
All this fucking bullshit
Im in love with the DOPE SMOKE
