I'm trying to study but my cat is sleeping right beside me and her nose whistles when she breathes and it's so damn cute.
Seeing your little sister just nail a heartbreaking role in her high school drama and thinking wow she's pretty awesome. #growingup
I know it's fiction, but the actors and producers of The Big Bang Theory are literally comedic geniuses in real life. #therapy
Stressing over finals, summer plans etc... So I watch Teen Mom to remind myself that my life isn't really that complicated. It helps. #oops
When he says he doesn't like Harry Potter and you're like okay well maybe somehow we could still make this work. #dealbreaker
All I want is ice cream, kittens, summer time, and a million dollars. It's a quick fix really. #finalsseason #oxfordcomma
When you're newly moved in and trying to memorize your new address... but all I got is "P. Sherman, 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney".
When you hear "Chris Brown" and don't know if they mean the rapper or the CBC reporter. #politicalmillennialproblems
When you get 93% on the budget assignment. Legitimately the best group project ever. Somehow. #success
When the new emoji keyboard comes out and you spend all evening playing with the different races of the thumbs up. #iphoneproblems
I jokingly told my boyfriend that I have a therapist. The fact he completely believed me should probably be a sign of something. #awks
Update: I didn't take a cookie because I have cookies at home and hopefully whoever eats them does not also have cookies at home. #integrity
There's a plate of cookies on the table at the front of the room and I've spent all class contemplating if/how I should take one. #looknummy
All these people I went to school with are having babies, and I've just realized I had my underwear on inside out all morning. #priorities
Am I the only one who's terrified of ever trying on high rise pants? #weirdhips
My sister is on the other side of the earth right now and it appears that I really miss her.
Having an egg hunt with my adult cousins (and their spouses) because family is forever and we're still the youngest generation. #easterlove
Prof says no attendance taken and no new material covered next class, but I really should go anyways just in case. #shitstudentsneversay
Sometimes I wish I wasn't interested in so many things. My heart has the attention span reminiscent of a young child with ADD. #spreadthinly
I would rather speak up and get people thinking than be a bystander. The world isn't going to ever get better otherwise. #notasheep
Dreamt I had 8 adorable Labrador puppies to play with and love. Woke up to my fat, entitled cat staring me in the face asking for food.
If you don't think rape culture exists, you must be blind. #scarysociety
Watching a tragic/inspirational movie and thinking huh, I guess my sad story is pretty good material too. #roughtimes
Anyone else miss the Sims as much as I do? #hoursofchildhoodlost
The concept of owning pets is so weird. I just choose an animal, "k you're mine now", &amp; then you hang out together until one of you dies.
If I was a millionaire I would go to school for the rest of my life, and count how many degrees I could get before I died. #forshitsngigs
Congrats @JackSaddleback on becoming the first transgender USSU President! You very much deserve the title. #TransgenderAwarenessWeek
I am so jealous of my cat.
My brain is mush and I want to sleep. #ihatebeingagrownup
When the girls in each bathroom stall on either side of me are talking to each other... #pardonme
Just bc I must yield to pedestrians doesn't mean I must be patient with them. I have places to be. Knees to chest, folks, knees to chest!
When the local radio starts playing some obscure song I thought only I knew about. They must have overheard me playing it. #trendsetter
Discovery Update: A pound of cooked broccoli also helps in relieving any unwanted guilt/cancer/diabetes/autism. #actionandreaction
Discovery: I won't hate myself for eating a full box of Oreos over a weekend if I drink liberal amounts of water throughout the binge.
*job searching* "Offering work in a fast-paced environment". To me that translates to "You'll want to rip your hair out but we'll pay you".
Never realized how incredibly attractive it is for a man to barbecue you a big supper. #bestboyfriendever
Marketing class has ruined my leisure TV time. #fourps #businessstudentproblems
Discussing the subjectivity of art in philosophy class is the best. "Dogs Playing Poker is great." "It's shit." "You're both right!" #art
Statistics... I know what to do, but I don't really know what I'm doing.
If you want to relate to your profs, just watch Dragons Den. #businessstudentproblems
I can't go out anymore without finding an example of poor operations management. What has school done to me.. #businessstudentproblems
I really hate when people misuse the word "ironic", and even more so when people misuse the word "literally". #petpeeve
Advertising Tattoo Expo tickets for sale on Facebook is apparently like offering your arm to a pool full of piranhas. #saveme
Comparing SK and ON weather over the phone with the nice Filipino-sounding Sears lady... While ordering fridge parts. #Canadian
The balance sheet has balanced! I repeat: The balance sheet has balanced! #groupvictory
When finance prof says "You don't need to know this for the final but..." my ears just kind of shut down. #businessstudentproblems
New game: See how tall and how short I can make the inukshuk on my wrist. He's a flexible little bugger. #avoidinghomework
My mom made me a maple bacon cake. #shegetsme
I am 48 hours away from changing the first digit of my age. #notsosuddenrealization
Coming home and sampling everything in the fridge because I haven't experienced variety like this for a very long time. #homesweetfudge
Figured out why I can't do hair or sculpt anything. I'm definitely 3-dimensionally challenged. #isitathing
When the balance sheet doesn't balance and I'm feeling sad 
I turn on the Lion King soundtrack and then I don't feel so bad 
#masterbudget
It's accrual world. #accountingpuns
ABS = tummy muscles, brake safety, and now also absolute value formula #excelchangeseverything
I had forgotten all about IF statements!! #businessstudentproblems #alsoroundupformula #totheceiling #tothefloor
Shaming the group working beside us because their master budget is ugly colours. #theyalsoleftthedooropen
I would like to think that I'm stylish.. but my shock and excitement with my outfit today just reminds me how seldom this happens. #sad
"If you are getting lucky you may run out of luck." - St. Patrick's Day STI awareness on campus
Prof: Yesterday my daughter was asking me how long it took me to turn 6 years old... I told her 8 years.
I'm feeling happy and motivated on a Monday morning. Which makes me suspicious of my feelings, and therefore less happy and motivated.
Tattoos.. If I could afford it, and if I didn't care about my wonderful parents' comfort levels, my body would be my friggen canvas by now.
Love is hating that my cat always drinks from the sink, but leaving some water in it for her anyways.
Sleeping with a new tattoo - I don't. #amateur
3/14/15 #PiDay2015 #pidayofthecentury #idontmindmath
The convenience of having Bitchy Resting Face means I waste no energy when I'm actually in a bad mood.
Just hating everyone and then remembering that my kitty cat is sleeping on my bed waiting for me to come home. #precious
Why grab some popcorn when you can be part of the show? (i think this every time and I regret it half the time)
My formula sheet is ready but I am not.
I'm an introvert, so I communicate better over text than I do through speech. That's why I'm awkward in person &amp; vicious online. #cantwin
"Never argue with an idiot. They will only bring you down to their level and beat you with experience."
Seriously considering potty-training our cat. @esmorodin Are you opposed?
Getting escorted to my floor seat at a concert because the security guard is my high school principal and I'm a motherf*cking princess.
With the right to free speech comes the responsibility to be respectful. #dontbeadick
Political debates in soc/phil/wgst and I'm like "Awe, I've found my people!" &lt;3 #imnotcrazy
Everyone was excited about the weather today til it started raining. I was annoyed with the weather today til it started raining. #fsunshine
I have a love-hate relationship with spreadsheets. #businessstudentproblems
I need feminism because people will only watch women's football if the athletes are wearing lingerie. #IWD2015 #InternationalWomensDay
When bae tells me he made $80 from poker last night &amp; I'm like but is that profit or revenue? #businessstudentproblems #highriskhighreturn
Just re-learning Mario party, and some other things. #homecourt
Can't help but melt when I see a cat washing their face. #soprecious
Meeting someone with a biblical name and thinking but there's no way in hell you abide by the Ten Commandments. #confusion
Game: Write yourself a story by continuously clicking the middle suggested word on the top of the new iOS 8 keyboard. #endlessfun
Pet Peeve: When people wear rings on their thumbs. #why
I wanted a grande caramel macchiato but I can't afford giving up the possibility of winning a Camry. #rollupseason
Ashton and Mila are perfection. #celebcouplecrush
If you see me without my morning tea, it's in your best interest to leave me alone. #sorryinadvance
Giving my cat a couple extra kitty treats after I trip over her. I believe she understands the concept of compensation. #sosorryrightmeow
The only connection I've made so far on Linked In is with my mom. #businessstudentproblems
Every time I see a marriage proposal on Ellen I am reduced to a pathetic pile of tears. #happycrying
Trying out Twitter again, only because I think I'm so funny and I have to put these thoughts somewhere.
