Thank god this day is over I'm so damn tired!!
Omg is the temp ever cold and the wind is insane !!
Oscars are awesome this year
Well it's another nice day on the prairies for working guess I can live with it! Don't feel like working though today!
Hope everyone has a great 2015 and an awesome New Year's Eve! #HappyNewYear
Well xmas is looking a little dryer this year !! http://t.co/rOZRJC1wgo
Tmz says eric died died how depressing will your show be losing a wack packer like Eric?
Think I'm picking miss Tennessee to win #miss America tonight
#BlueBombersMobile
Bombers going to win again!!
Rising star isn't a bad show I guess
Thank god I'm getting a weekend off.
Hangin in Calgary in the snow waiting to get reloaded and drive back in the snow all the way home!!
Hangin in Edmonton can't wait to get home tomorrow
I miss that face !!
We need to kickass next year!!
Just waiting on another load of turkey's for sask sitting it my truck tweeting, it's been a long time.
Well quit my job yesterday just get a new one next week no biggie!!
+30 all week in Mexico what an awesome trip with my family fishing and parasailing was great! http://t.co/DCOMgugKvv
Surprise another flat tire oh we'll shit happens
Well how's life in the fast lane my son? I here your trying a new rough sport,sweet!! R U ready for Craven?
Hey Gabrielle I miss you princess!!
Hope everyone in Calgary and area are getting over the shock of the flood and is praying it all goes away as fast as it came
Well it's Father's Day wish this damn rain would quit I wanna go golfing today!!
6 Household Cleaning Essentials: Well.ca http://t.co/ULdpLx1SOL via @LivingSocial
Boy havent tweeted for a long time been way to busy guess I better get back into it!! Well world lets getter dun!!
Wow 25 years is a long time!!
Watch identity thief last night omg that's a funny show watch it if you can
Baltimore is winning the Super Bowl this year!!
Was in the hospital for 2 days had the MRI and an Eco gram couldn't find out why my vision went the other day, oh well I'm home and  alive!!
Well what a little blizzard we had last night I love my snowblower!!
Hi gabby your the best little girl ever!! And the best daughter for ever and ever!
Well looks like a weekend of working but the weather is nice so I guess what the hell!!
Snow blowing at 6 am driving in the snow with the new 4X4 oh ya priceless!
Well it was a beautiful weekend just keep them coming!!
Hate being sick
Ccma's are awesome tonight! Doc walker is up next!
Well its been a hell of a week already hope the rest goes better!
Yippy gabbys home I'm so happy!
Long week almost over 4hrs of physio and 4hrs of work everyday for the next 16 weeks its going to be tough!!
Physiotheropy sucks!
At the inlaws enjoying the weekend! http://t.co/oQ5LMSjC
Pretty dumb coming to the hospital for an appointment and leaving your wallet and ID at home!
Well its time for bed what a beautiful night!
Another waisted day at home hope I will be good to drive before winter!
My son comes home from Mexico today ! Sweet!
What a stud for grad hope you have a super night buddy! http://t.co/vCSqbmuq
Been a while since tweeting well I'm drunk and getting drunker if that a word!
My son won the gold medal at the provincial level for shotput and the scouts love him hope be wins discus tomorrow! He is so great!
Another day and I'm still alive and kickin!
Another day limping around its been a month wish this was getting better soon!
Hope I get out of this hospital this week!early!
17 year of truck driving and 2 nights ago I almost died in the worst crash of my life so blessed I'm alive!I love my family so much!
Love flyers hockey ! Fights hits goals that's old time hockey!
Tweet tweet twiddle twiddle.....
Having a good week my daughter and I out for lunch! http://t.co/ZLMl6stV
What a day what can you say??
Winter came back last night one min green grass the next all white again! http://t.co/Hs1DVgRR
All kids in bed and me to  !bjm saints rule number 1 basketball team in Saskatoon Congrats!! http://t.co/rr99VgRP
Lord its hard to be humble when your perfect in every way!
Enjoying the nice summer day! Nothing like + weather in March love it!
Having a super day Hope the rest will be the same!
Can't wait for all this snow to melt!
Just having a real good day its about time!
Flyers will rule #tradecenter today!
Hope the flyers steal Nash today that would be so funny!
Snow snow go away!
Smittys with the wife for breakfast!
At the theater to watch the newest ghost rider with one of my sons! Just 2 guys hangin!
Back to another exciting night of work! Tweeting is so fun!
Parting at elk ridge resort in northern sask the girls are drinking and singing
What a day for being lazy!
Anthony your da man!hell of a tournament!
Damn fog is going to piss me off tonight!
Feb 1 and รท1 perfect winter!
Hottining at 6am I'm feeling better ready!
Leaving Edm heading home finally!
Watching the northern lights dancing across the sky here in Saskatchewan!
Super breakfast this morning! Now lots of work to do today!
It is only -48 in Saskatoon its warming up! Yee haa! http://t.co/RPx6L6yd
-50 wind chill in Saskatchewan ice road truckers we don't need ice its just as cold here!Making good time gotter to the floor!sask trickling
What a great weekend happy to be with my wife and kids!
Wow in the last 6 hrs we went from no snow to complete winter blizzard hope everyone has a 4x4 to get around in the morning!
Drinking watching NE kicking den ass! Total blowout! Throw in the towel!
Hope this is going to be a super weekend the start of better Things all year! That's the plan!
last week of nice weather going to get a whole lot colder next week! I will take what I got for now though!
Ya ya I'm gettin up!
Very windy tonight almost getting blown off the road
Beautiful full moon tonight going to he a yell of a night!
Boring day guess its time to wash the truck and buy a lottery ticket would be nice to win some cash!
Best chilli I've ever made the family loved it! Hell of a start to the night!
To all the people sleeping your missing out on a beautiful night! Temperature is perfect and moon is almost full!Saskatchewan priceless!!
Beautiful night for driving in saskatchawan no snow +1 in Jan and staying like this for at least the next 2 weeks! I love it!
Happynewyear to everyone!
Merry Christmas to all the December tweeters!
Having a good night driving dodging deer! Run night!
Snowing in calgary today going to be a rough drive home tonight I think!
So happy Winnipeg takes 1st place in the East going for the grey cup this year!
Damn casino lost 100$
3rd place in national truck driving championships on the 10th ! http://t.co/6aorl4Q
A day off and nice weather right on!
Hollidays for the next 10 days boy do I need them!
