Eleven hour day today if you ou count travel time.  Frig
When you see a Normie with the same headphones as you but his are an older model. http://t.co/PMnxRGkRRM
I almost bought a shirt with Drake on it
Lmao my Dad ripped into Berkshire pretty good in the paper today.
If Neil slots back into the lineup and uses Subban as a battering ram against Price do we love him again
Good morning Sens twitter.  Yesterday was harsh so let's put it in our rear view and focus on tomorrow.
Game was a mess, but we can't have those breakdowns
Ottawa Senators first line centre Kyle Ford Taurus
It's just game one.
Weir has to be a bit stronger on the puck there
NHL Situation room: No Goal....Also Subban is a piece of shit eh?
These Refs are on point.
NO goal! WOO
Not sure if that's a goal or not.
Time for our Shorty
Ceci for Cowen pls
Stone not injured right?
Reminder everyone, this is game 1 of an emotional series.
Get Strombo off this
Lmao @RealKyper being the most level headed.
This is game one of a very emotional period.  It's all good guys
I start Andy in the third, and I play him game 2 as well.
I think it's Andy time.
I love playoff Murray
Healy with a hot take that Players want to play in the playoffs
When Leafs fans are defending Sens players you know the Habs are in the wrong.
SUCK IT SUBBAN
MIKAAAAAAAAAAA
Friggin' Ceci
Subban is a dirty piece of shit
Suck it Subban
Can we call the cops on Subban?
ARE YOU FRIGGING KIDDING ME! WHAT ARE THESE REFS DOING
What the fuck is that?
Hey @AndrewBerkshire who is the dirty team now?
Wow Habs. Dirty dirty dirty.
Timeout.
Lalime woulda had that
Always a wraparound.
Should we fire Wamsley? He coached Healy
Has anyone seen Glenn Healy and Don Cherry in the same room?
God playoff hockey hurts my heart
That was the most incoherent Don Cherry session ever
What?
#montrealTypical
How the hell do you dispute that?
SUUUUUBAAAAAAN SUUUUUUBAAAAAAAN
That was a crappy scramble call. Where's Dean?
Last year Subban said Markov deserved the Norris. LOL
Chirs Phillips is at home just nodding with understanding.
OH BABY
OWN GOAL!!!!! OWN GOAL!!! OH BABY
I miss Jamie McLennan :(
Why does Sportsnet have the worst  camera angles.
Such a lazy penalty
It was going wide
Is Glenn Healey sleeping with Price or something?
Is Michel Therrien the worst coach in the league? Yes.
A line brawl to start?
Who thought Strombo would be a good fit for this? He's a good dude, but he sounds like an idiot whenever he talks hockey.
Shut the hell up Strombo
Boston and LA got more screen time in this montage than the Sens.
I WANT HOCKEY NOW
I predict we go down by two and rally back to win 4-3 in ot off of a MacArthur goal
I haven't done laundry since the Sens played Washington and frankly I'm scared to do it now
And Canadians fans are bragging about Price? https://t.co/sdP8QKccB0
#letswinitall
My tooth hole is full of this weird coagulating agent that tastes like garlic. WHO WANTS KISSES?
Really sucks about Mark Reeds, I'm glad he was there to see the Sens convert on the run.
Have any rappers ever sampled Siri?
Ughhh it just hit me that we're gonna have to sit through godawful Montreal opening ceremonies with that stupid torch.
I used to work for a ticket master location and I just wanna say that it's always a better plan to go into a a retail outlet on dayslikethis
The worst part of my tooth hole infection is that I can't drink hot coffee until it's patched up :(
Man...Ted Nolan just never catches a break
I can't wait to wake up and look at the playoff schedule all day tomorrow
If the Sens didn't win today or get a post we woulda missed the playoffs right?
WOAH! A Melnyk tweet
Fuk Da Habs
Berkshireeee come out and playayayayaya BERKSHIREEEEEE COME OUT AND PLAYAYAYAYAYAYA @AndrewBerkshire
Yelled go Sens at a guy in a heritage jersey but he just awkwardly chuckled
Shoutout to @craigmedaglia who in our time of need kept Sens twitterland fun and made this run way more enjoyable
To every non Sens fan in the world.  I'm sorry you don't get to experience a run that we just got to go through
anyone know when playoffs start?
