Except now I kinda have a choice to make
Guess who just got accepted into nursing? (Hint: it's me)
On the brightside, if I have a boot on one foot instead of a brace, I can wear whatever shoes I want!
I guess I work Friday now 😢
I want the rockets to win so they win the series but also if they lose, I get to work Friday night so I'm torn
I hate word limits on essays. Just let me do my thing.
I have only 250 words left to make my point. I need more words
When your boyfriend won't even follow you on twitter 😭😭
Its because I live in westbank
My to do list includes calling the Premier #whaddup
Some biology major I turned out to be....
The next new rule is probably going to be that we can't have our phones on us at work
He's just banned us from going into the first aid room. Except that's our version of the staff room. We keep food and water in there
Because now they're just gonna go ahead and make all the changes they want and the mesic team won't have someone to give them a voice
I can't believe they got rid of the medic supervisor position. That's just rude
Excited to have the security supervisor who doesn't treat the medics very well be my new supervisor. Just kidding.
When you realize you still have no idea who runs the @ScoutProbs account and the mystery just lives on
Allow me to change your life: http://t.co/SxseIO6Bm1
45 more days until surgery and I'm so nervous and excited
I don't think I'll be meeting my MLA #sanda
Actually freaking out about shoes now
Is this an excuse to buy new shoes?
I'm going through all my brown and black shoes in my head and my brace doesn't fit into any of them...
I've never seen so many people on a webinar before
Shoutout to my internet for being extra slow today
Taking responsibility for what I've done by tucking bae into bed with tea and tylenol 😷💊💉
I think Kevin Ryan from scfb is my hero
Now I can take everything I've learned over the semester and apply it to rewriting a paper I wasn't happy with
I love this prof because she let's us rewrite papers if we aren't happy with the grade we got. And that's really awesome.
I'm having my own party. I don't need recess. I just need me and my homework 😎
When bae tries to tell you you have mono. Like, no.
I've had so many good ideas today, I should be a business student
New plan. Next time UBCO throws a giant party, I'll buy a few tickets and then sell them close to the party and make a small profit
We're now debating whether AEDs should be everywhere or not
A business where I sew badges onto blankets/uniforms for a very reasonable fee
Okay instead of doing nothing this summer I could start a business.
I'm going to try to look on the bright side. Maybe I'm not allergic. Maybe its just a side effect.
I don't know where the AEDs are at #ubco and ever since Amanda mentioned it I'm really stressing about it
I think I'm allergic to penicillin
I got You're the ultimate Type A.! How Type A Are You, Actually? http://t.co/226WLSOIQs
If this prof had a fan club, you couldn't pay me to join it
I have an overwhelming desire to go to the museum in Victoria
I hate when buses kick everyone off and make you wait for the next one
#thankfulthursday for the sunny weather because its always easier to try to be a little more positive when its that lovely outside
After not getting out of bed for three days, my ankle is actually killing me. It hurts so bad. Never play kick the can. Ever.
Crying because I'm not over losing my manager yet. I have three favourite people there and she was one of them. Brb, crying.
I guess if anyone wants to hang out this summer that'd be cool because I have nothing else to do
What am I going to do with myself all summer? Other people will be working and I'll be doing absolutely nothing
I wish I was at camp this summer
I've officially started worrying about how I'm going to afford anything by September
I shouldn't do it because its probably bad for me, but the noise is pretty cool
So I've learned that if I move my foot in a certain way my ankle makes a really weird noise.
Why do the event staff get a supervisor and security gets a supervisor but medics aren't allowed a supervisor?
💉💊😏
Cute date idea: go with your boyfriend to the doctors because its pretty likely you got him sick, whoops
Penicillin is a miracle drug. I feel like a new person
"You're cute."
"You think calling me cute makes up for messing with me?"
"Um, you're super cute."
Update: I'm on the last episode of how I met your mother
Throwback to the time at GYC Training when the Okanagan Team beat the Kamloops Team. Can't remember what the activity was, only that we won.
Why did Owen thank me on twitter?
I love my job but we get treated like crap by the security guys, ugh
When your manager whom you love leaves the company 😭
"According to webMD, I either have a mild infection or I'm dying of AIDS and cancer. So who knows."
At least when I had whooping cough I had some amount of energy to get out of bed
I bet I could finish how I met your mother today #challengeaccepted
I wouldn't even make you come see me. You could just leave it I'm the kitchen, or at the front door.
If someone brought me vanilla ice cream so I could make milkshakes, I'd love you forever
Pretty upset I'm missing my second last psych class of the year
Just my luck that I'd be contagious and be told to stay home during the last week of classes. I need to go. We're talking about finals.
Update: milkshakes don't hurt as much to swallow. They're also delicious
Spoiler: I'm writing a final
Should I train FOCUS, first aid at vent camp, do the good turn week project, go to the WBII trainer meeting, or write a final?
April 25 is the busiest day ever.
I haven't eaten anything since Saturday night. I need a milkshake
I don't know what foods help tonsillitis but I imagine ice cream does. Which is why I'm hoping my mom will go to dairy queen for me
"@heatesk: RT if you miss Charles" Heather asked me to retweet this
I barely had enough energy to shower, let alone get myself ready and go to the doctor
I need soup stat
Every time I'm sick I get nervous I have tonsillitis. I have the worst luck, its only a matter of time before I get it
Okay but how adorable is he? http://t.co/ygdtJLYrId
I miss my other fur babies. Life isn't fair.
I got a new cat today. She's very upset at being taken away from her other home and I fear that she will never love me.
Looking for a fur baby to fill the hole in my heart Elroy left
I watched ankle surgery videos again today. Bad call
"@SciencePorn: What happens when you add Sodium Formate (HCOONa) to a complex equation... http://t.co/JxQGFcU0VD" @AllBranScience
I haven't seen my cat in 24 hours.... I don't know where he is. I love that cat
A museum date! How cute and fun is that?
But Owen is taking me to a museum tomorrow so I guess that's kind of cool
If there is one thing that is guaranteed to ruin my day, its the transit system
#ThankfulThursday for everything I've learned and the people I've met with the PSN #mentalhealth… https://t.co/cLwbEw3DUg
I was kind of excited for my birthday. Then it occurred to me I won't be doing much because surgery so that sort of ruined things
One more update: a lovestruck ghost lives in my bedroom (source: a buzzfeed quiz)
Further update: I've learned a lot about hockey and have also demonstrated that I do actually know how to do first aid (take that bystander)
Guess who's back?
C's get degrees, but A's and B's don't get into nursing. Whatever.
The second worst part is spending $200 on an application just so they could say no
The absolute worst part is knowing you tried your best and it just wasn't good enough
Well I didn't get into UBCO....
