Sure no problem
Lol my mom thinks I have a drinking problem because I had 2 small drinks.  Tsk tsk
Drinking at my mom's abit!
Can't wait to hit up the Ottawa casino with Aiden on his bday with everyone!  Going to be sick.
Especially since I've lived here all my life and don't know any place else without my family and best friends.  This year will be interestin
It still hasn't sunk in that I'll be moving in the summer to Ottawa,  ya Petawawa is shit but I'm really going to miss it
420 Science 4/20 Mega Giveaway http://t.co/qpOmo2C16l via @420Science
Well I was a fucking idiot last night
That only fucks the kid up more mentally
And some kids just don't have it in them to stand up for themselves
Lol some parents never realize the more they try and control their kid the more they are going to do things behind their backs
Holy crap does it ever feel good to work out before bed.
Okay wtf I keep getting notified when people like or favourite something thats not even mine. It's annoying as hell
Bleeeeeh
Chasen went to bed so I'm drinking the last of my liquor alone lmao
Like you could make a status, but instead you had to take a selfie with a duck face in order to "support the charity"
Lol I don't get when people take selfies and make faces and then put in the caption something about a charity thats on that day
Takes alot of stress off of me
Finding a job in Ottawa won't be all that bad frig.  I searched online and there is so many jobs listed
Gotta love refreshing your online bank account and seeing your paycheck deposited 💰💰💰
Out of the down stem and smoke it.  Like fuck the things I do to get high even a little bit is ridiculous
Or crystal because it's in storage atm. Only thing I have is our bong and pipe so I think my only option is to literally scrape resin off it
Well made the dumbass decision to quit weed Cold turkey, when I relied on it for sleep. And even worse I can't fiend my grinder for weed
Fuck why can't the snow just melt already
Can't wait for me and sarrah to get our longboards.  Gunna be friggen rad when we go to Ottawa,  I plan on riding everywhere!
Stuck at my dealership waiting for my car to be looked at.  Boring as heck lol.  Got alot of crap to do today
How do people even survive without school?  You gotta be damn lucky to be able to find a job to support a crap ton of bills by yourself
I really hope I can find an alright job in Ottawa without having to go to college. I don't think I'm smart enough for any college course tbh
Weh nice friggen day out.  Would have been nice to have off and snowboard.  First day not smoking weed  Gunna take a month break I think
Fuccck stores dead today.  I'm dead as frig from last night partying,  want to go homeeee
Hell ya got my 3ds xl in the mail!
Best thing about vapiding weed is getting to smoke your old vaped stuff when you are all out of fresh green
Hate when you go to buy and one person deosnt answer so you ask different people then they all answer at one time
00g plugs came in, boss is gone all day,  ordered my new nintendo 3ds xl ,  today's been a good day!
Love having the day off.  So nice frig
My saterday consists of playing xbox high all night
Might go ahead and pre order a 3ds Xl I really want one now!
Probably Gunna get the new 3ds Xl once they come out lol.  I'm such an impuls buyer but I want pokemon and animal crossing bad!
Watching human centipede 2 omf this movie is messed
Frig probably another boring saterday
Don't know what to get for a calf tattoo
Plus having to get a new job and being away from my parents. God damn I'm a panzy
And on top of that I have to make all new friends, I can't even socialize with new people in petawawa im Gunna be screwed
I'm so used to living in a small town,  the idea of having to drive on busy ass roads that are confusing as hell scares the crap out of me
Now that I think about it I don't know how the fuck I'm going to survive in a city once we move in the summer
Like why the hell can't you hire someone with stretched ears.  That's almost like judging a book by its cover
Really want to stretch past 00g but I don't want to permanently damage my ear lobes. I hate the fact that stretched ears jeopardize a career
To spend 222 bucks online on clothes or to save.  The decision is killing me!
I want a pug really bad
I wish it was summer already frig.  I just want to travel places and do shit outside with sarrah
I really want tattoos but it's so friggen hard to choose what to get
I want my ears to heal already so i can stretch up to 00g I'm Gunna buy a nice collection for that size
Sundays suck when you have to work the next day.
Backs friggen sore after falling snowboarding lmao
Someone come make work fun lol it's dead here
Can't wait to get off work and relax.
The works burger resteraunt was so damn good
I'm hoping this week goes good but I have a feeling it won't at all and Idk why
Just want the day to be over already
Staying at my mom's house for the week while she's on vacation. Feels weird.  It's so. Quiet by myself
God dammit I clicked one soldier coming home video now Im sucked into watching them all night.  So nice to see
I want pizza
Rippin some destiny for awhile,  this games fun as hell
Like fuck drinking I'd rather just get high as frig and chill
Lol I used to think getting really drunk was fun and cool now it just looks pretty stupid tbh.  Some people are just so dumb when they party
Frig how come I ain't sleeping yet
Got an interview at sportscheck on Wednesday for full time bike technician.  Hopefully goes well!
Finally applied to new jobs online.  Hopefully I can get another full time one with a nice boss.
Pretty much forced to stick with my job now that I bought a brand new car lol
Work sucks a bunch of ass
Like fuck lol.  I'm Gunna go make pizza pockets to solve my issues.
Wtf is up with my head lmao. Anytime I ever get tired and almost fall asleep I get the urge to stay awake longer even though I'm bored
Can't wait for my new car :)
I wish that would leave my head
It's weird I've been dating sarrah 10 months and I know she wouldn't leave me for anyone or anything but sometimes I still over think things
I want to sleep but it's boring
And get my adult high school credits so I can go to college when I move to Kingston
Before all I wanted to do was get high and make money but now I want to make money save it buy a brand new car and save all my money up
I find it really weird how just from having some Shrooms on new years it some how made me change my whole goal set.
I always obsess over things I can't buy just yet. Such a problem of mine
"@VestoI: experiences http://t.co/mnhVwwcPkH"@_unbaked
Feels fucking Terrible lol
Gotta love being 1 step away from buying a brand new car but since your credits not high enough just yet you can't.  Stupid ass credit
So happy I decided to kick drugs and alcohol, already after 2 days without weed I'm feeling happier then ever.  Only hard thing is sleeping.
It's a scary decision but I guess I gotta grow up sometime
Well after thinking it through countless number of times I've decided to move to Kingston with sarrah when she's posted in the summer
And I'm still awake because when I'm not high I think of everything and want to search about it
First night going to bed without getting high.  This is going to suck
I feel good, bad, over whelmed,  and awesome all at the same time
Shrooms are fucked
Can't wait till new years.  Me and sarrah are quiting smoking weed together this time it's going to be great.
Frig today's been so dead. Someone come into the pemmy bellstore and bug me lol
The one good thing about mine and sarrahs relationship no matter how mad we get each other we can over come it
Fuck good thing I don't work till 11 tomorrow. I still can't sleep
Lol well staff parties blow asshole lol
Frig I hate building up such a big tolerance to weed now.  Feels the same after like 3 bong rips
Every so often I always get a country song stuck in my head
I really shouldnt have a Mastercard I want to keep buying plugs and random crap
Bored as fuck at work.  Someone come bug me
I need to get one of those fancy hipster haircuts.  Maybe I will soon
Grrr I want to stretch to my next size but it's only been like 3 days :(
Still haven't slept
Yesssss sarrahs parents are getting us dq and she sarrah is gone to her friends
I love having 2 days off it feels so nice.
