Every time a girl says "bae" a library burns down
Either way, fuck you, cause us guys get the blame
Like I can't tell if you're a horrible person or if you're so dumb that you contradict yourself without noticing it
Drives me nuts when girls call each other sluts and then complain that girls have no self esteem
So I give up on trying to sleep tonight
PAUL NO DONT DRIVE AWAY
NOOOOOOOO OH GOD
In Fast &amp; Furious 7, gonna try my hardest not to cry
Grandma, my bio mark was shit, I would have killed hundreds of people
When your grandma texts you and gets mad at you because you want to be a cop instead of a nurse like she wanted
I need to find a way to hide my amazon password from drunk Riley. I keep getting too many surprises in the mail.
Come to my human trafficking session in the gym at lunch. Very good prices.
Its a good thing I'm very good at being sleep deprived
I feel like they should add Mike Tyson to the Mortal Combat games
Easter Monday is followed by Explosive Diarrhea Tuesday
When u get home drunk and the easter bunny has already been through your room like wft you 600lb rabbit
Its official, Timmie's is gonna have a nutella donuts, little pastry things, and you can get it on a bagel
I'm so bad with money its depressing
The big companies doing April fools pranks makes my day
My biography was released this morning because my life is a joke
Everyone needs to go on Netflix and watch "Danger 5" right now. RIGHT NOW
KANGAROO JACK IS ON NETFLIX THANK GOD
The COD world championship grand prize was $1 000 000 wtf
Looks like Zayn is going in a different direction
RIP jerry can, 2014-2015
Almost died, now I'm down one jerry can
Luring my dogs into my room with food so they will have to hang out with me
No gas + no money = no fun
Good times
I can't wait to be that old homeless guy who screams at traffic
Watching F1 racing and seeing that one of the drivers is 17 years old #IveDoneNothingWithMyLife
Never underestimate the importance of chapstick
Ha all of you had to go to school and work this week
18-20 hour days are catching up with me
PT day 2, only one person puked
My nickname here is Romeo Whiskey how fucking sick is that
Just finished our first Personal Training class, 3 people puked
We're assembling boots http://t.co/Y5DGIEEwwp
Day 1: my neon shoes offended the corporal, and it costed me 50 pushups
Oh shit I slept in, now I can't watch all of the police academy movies before I go to camp
The fuck is this shit falling from the sky?
Finding halfbred wolf/shepards for sale is really hard for some reason, even though that's the coolest dog possible
Why did I tweet that. Nobody cares and I know it.
Just went on a ruthless unfollowing spree
I won the gold medal in ping-pong and nobody even noticed.
Did you know Quesnel has a visitors center? Who visits Quesnel on purpose?
Being 17 and in university is gonna be weird
I would rather walk to mexico than go through your airport again @flyLAXairport
I hate you @flyLAXairport
If you need some laughs, just check out @FoxNews
If someone could lend me $845 000, that would be excellent http://t.co/bds1Ov3P0x
I am now a scuba diver
People who talk to me on elevators make me feel so awkward
Its 11pm and all of the bars on the resort are closed wtf
"I will catch you when you fall" -The Ground
Also, there are a ton of hookers
So they lost my bag, but the officer gave me a margarita so I guess it's okay
Just got here
Bye Canada, I might not come back
Having to wake up at 330am for a flight is not something I'm a fan of
My last tweet was not a joke
Thanks for dinner @pmharper
And the trip begins
I'm gonna buy every colour of poncho they sell in Mexico
Kevin Spacey is my new favorite person
No @Snapchat , I do not need a live stream of the Westminster Dog Show. Obviously I have it on pay per view.
Walking your stoned mother through the mall should be an Olympic sport
Nail salons smell so bad its torching my nostrils
1.5 days until I can pass out drunk in one of these trees http://t.co/G7llXHi6g7
Holy crap its nice today
Today is Valentine's day?
Anybody who ever said money can't buy happiness clearly did not own a go-kart
If you don't watch Mike Tyson Mysteries, I don't know what you're doing with your life
The Days Inn looks like the hotel from "the shining" right about now
MY NETFLIX IS DOWN THIS IS THE END
The Interview is on netflix
Trivia Crack is starting to feel more like a chore than a game
I think we can all agree that Costco is the best restaurant in town
This grad meeting is brutal
In need of a girlfriend so I can sleep in a bed that isn't my mattress made of 2x4s
Aaaand I'm sick
I don't have time for drama, I'm too focused on my unicycling career
I should probably get into bed at least now
IGGY AZALEA HAS ARMPIT HAIR #PeoplesChoiceAwards
One of those nights where you gotta just lay in bed and watch space jam
Fuck yea boys!
I am in pain
I bought electric boots
I'm still awake #wtf
It sounds like my family is having a bowling ball fight upstairs
:') #gasmoney http://t.co/PX1y72lroR
Can't wait to start drinking in 2 hours
Life's a garden. Dig it.
Shout out to tanners family for giving me beer and butter chicken
I should have my own TV show
I think I'm more excited for tonight than for Christmas morning
My grand tradition turns 5 this year. Be prepared for an annoying amount of tweets
"@macfaulkner: Going to family Christmas dinner http://t.co/tl8UByBkGB" @Donison10
Had a dream about cooking a steak
