Congrats to the WK Warriors
#lettheplayoffsbegin
Happy birthday Brett ! Also a big contracts on the CHL . #uwillbefamousoneday
Congrats to wk pulling off big win over Vernon tonite
Good luck to the cariboo cougars day#finish the war
Congrats to the cariboo cougars on their win today #goodluckboys!#northernpride
Merry Christmas and best wishes to everyone in 2015
Congrats to wk for keeping their winning streak going and ending the penticton vees winning streak at 13#goodworkboys
Good luck to the wk warriors taking in the penticton vees tonite. I am predicting that the vees winning streak ends tonight!
Tania is ecstatic on her New Jersey #26Blackburn#greatfundraiserforbreastcancer http://t.co/OcKxR1cMxE
Great night as wk warriors win in OT 4-3 against salmon arm http://t.co/akIrlPlWdC
There were some awesome hits last night by Rylan Yaremko#bigcleanhits#gottaloveit
Looking forward to the game between WK Warriors and Cowichan Valley Capitals tonite!
Great win by WK warriors to start their road trip. One Down two to go for te weekend sweep!# go warriors
Good luck to the WK Warriors as they start their road trip on the island tonite taking on the Nanaimo Clippers #GoWarriors
Good luck to wk warriors tonite as they take on Merritt. Time to open up the flood gates on Merrit's GA
Having garage sale today - stop by 4521 hill ave across from DPTodd secondary
Happy birthday liam
Good luck to the wk warriors tonite in Vernon #gowarriorsgo
Wishing the W K warriors all the best in what may be the biggest game of the regular season as the host the Vees #kicksomeassboys
Good luck to the west kelowna warriors in their afternoon game against cowichan valley
W kelowna up 2-0 ok game this far 
Refs struggling on the assist on 2 goal as it appears to be clearly set up by blackburn
Congrats to Jayna and her team for winning the u18 girls soccer league 
Going for gold on Wednesday nite !!
@
Congrats to the cariboo cougars on their win today - way to go boys !!
On the road to showcase to cheer on west Kelowna Warriors - for some awesome hockey !
W kelowna pulls off the win against the vipers 3-1 rematch back @ home for the sweep
Good luck today to the Cariboo Cougars - go cats go!
Calling the cariboo cougars to pull off the W in Sundays game against the giants - come on boys it's your turn !
Awesome retaliation boys (cariboo cougars) they will be thinking about that loss for awhile:)
Good luck to the cariboo cougars this weekend against kelowna - go cats go
2-2 after 2
2-2
