There is  lady in this parking lot parked horizontally across three spaces in her sedan. Sitting in the car, reading, I think.
Must be a Thursday. Never could quite get the hang of Thursdays.
Brain tired. Not a good headspace for grading. Maybe I'll just watch the game and chill for now.
FLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMES!
Grading these papers is going to take so much work.
Bought Into the Wilde Life yesterday. It's not bad, but I haven't found a song on it that that's as purely awesome to me as...
Accomplished basically nothing today. Wheeee.
I feel very exhausted this evening, despite not doing much today other than getting groceries. I should try to do some work.
"You seem a decent fellow, I hate to kill you."
"You seem a decent fellow, I hate to die."
I feel like it will be a worthwhile thing for me to check term papers for plagiarism.
I am going to sleep as late as I want to tomorrow. I don't even care.
What I'm really liking about The Clone Wars is that, though Obi-Wan, Anakin, and Asohka are our nominal protagonists, there's lots of...
Obi-Wan is like 75% snark and 25% proper-ness. 100% quietly badass.
I should probably try to sleep, but I've got a lot of insomnia/DSPD and all-nighters to adjust back from.
Seriously, though, I am really liking the character development and overall quality of the plots. Effort clearly went into this.
I'd be so lazy if I had some form of telekinesis like that.
Been catching up on The Clone Wars series. Catch myself thinking, "Use the force, asshole" in response to many scenes.
Anyway. Today has been a good day. I think I shall sleep as much as possible for the next few days, to catch myself back up for this...uh...
I'd make a comment about going over 100 followers, but I've got my suspicions that the 4 new ones today are bots.
Sometimes, I almost click like on Facebook, but then I remember that it's 2:30am and that's not a normal time for such things.
Been awhile since I've been able to take a picture like this. http://t.co/8Mrzq3nzX9
Right, then. Cheesecake-making time? I think yes.
Good job Sens. That was a crazy run. Let's see what The Hamburglar can do in the playoffs (Dubnyk too, will be interesting).
I know I've seen "LOOM" used as a sound effect in one of the webcomics I read (ie: somebody pointedly looming over the rest of the scene)...
Term paper: Done!
Dear Word, I'm not talking about "invisibility" of sites. Invasibility is a perfectly cromulent word, stop autocorrecting me.
Sadly, my brain appears to have mostly checked out already...
Jesus, fuck! How many damned emails are we going to get about the same damned notification?!
Did a vote compass thing. Seems my own assessment of who I'd be inclined to vote for does match up with theirs.
1,500 words or so to go. I can do this. I'm pretty sure.
Really don't want to get up right now.
Gonna shut it down for tonight, I think. Got stuff to do tomorrow and should sleep.
Write more. Is not enough.
GG Kings. GG. Jets, we'll see you in the postseason.
Woooo Flames! Playoffs!
Empty Netter! It's Happening!.gif
Need to write paper, but hockey is very interesting right now.
Checks current scores. Good, good...
The man in black fled across the desert and the gunslinger followed.
Bed before 5am tonight sounds very nice, y'know?
I've missed RATT karaoke this year.
Hey, there's a picture of myself that I don't hate. Guess I can put the goblin on break for a while.
Now at least 90% less clownish (Well, in appearance, anyway). http://t.co/HOwjr13Rim
So sleepy.
Nothing quite like stats all-nighters, is there?
Who's about to pass out? This guy.
Oh, R, your ability to inexplicably not be able to return the information I seek never fails to impress.
Welcome, once again, to Midnight Statistics.
really hard to get into "finish stats, it's due in the morning" mode right now.
*Checks hockey scores* Today was a glorious day for Operation Regicide.
Of course, the suggested formatting didn't work. Changing that around seems to have fixed that particular issue.
Ah the old stats dance of "why doesn't this want to work?"
So tired. Must do stats homework. zzzzzzzbleh.
Feeling much better about life in general right now. That will dissipate as I get into stats homework, no doubt.
Better than expected. Major redesigns, but a plan going forward.
Bosses needed more time to talk amongst themselves. I'm probably doomed.
Eep.
Brief moment of panic: "What time is it?". Followed by: "Wait, no, it's fine."
Insomnia + anxiety = Super insomnia + Super anxiety. Yay.
Tomorrow, I may be marching to my doom. Perhaps moreso than ever. Perhaps it's just my brain overreacting. We shall see.
This SPG song definitely strikes a chord with me and my depressed/anxious mind: https://t.co/CJHoDSAyPW
The cupcakes my mom made for Easter are delicious, but the peanut butter cream cheese icing (and filling) is super, super rich.
Rooting for the Canucks makes me feel unclean. Still, bigger thing: No OT in that game. Regulations wins only, please.
As strange as it sounds, I usually need a recovery period from visiting family. Not that I dislike them at all,
Hmm... might have been my computer being dumb, too.
Is Shaw acting up for anyone else?
This insomnia is becoming intolerable. Although, I think part of that was my fault last night.
Different sleeping pill seems to have a more immediate effect. Grogginess has set in quickly.
Played some Fire Emblem (bought with charger) and some Codename STEAM. Friends really recommending Bravely Default.
I really need a haircut.
Get supper. Go home charge thing. Watch things while playing things. #SolidPlan
Welp. Guess it's a trip to walmart, since EB will be closed now.
When I bought the last one a few years ago, I asked if the adapter was included, and got a look like "yeah, why wouldn't it be?"
Damn it, EB. You could have given me a heads-up on that.
AC adapter not included. ...wat.
Not that I'll actually have much by way of free time, but... Might be able to steal a moment here or there.
Bit the bullet and bought a 3DS today. Where should I start? http://t.co/7wNfXjzwju
So, my sleep schedule is definitely out of whack...
Thought about the X-Files reboot: What if it's, like, True Detective, but with Mulder and Scully. I'd watch the hell out of that.
4 am insomnia. Woo, my sleep schedule is so fucked.
How messed up is my sleep schedule that 1am seems early to be going to bed?
Toilet pills, but worse. Who wants some poopbucket pills? #Left4Derp http://t.co/re5aXyczVZ
.@seireiofhope "Nope, I'm gonna stick with 'bullet enema'." #Left4Derp
Me "Not my ass, I need that for assing things!" #Left4Derp
and now eclass is acting up, and I can't download assignments to grade. &gt;:(
Say it with me, class: "Compensation does not equal mitigation" !
...Especially with things like my last stats assignment's due date being moved up 5 days. :/
Grading. Yes. Let's do that.

...Oh hey, they're multiple choice. This is going to be waaaay easier than I thought. Need things like that.
Tried to install some of the big mods for CiV, and it just ended crashing after all that effort. :/ Screw it.
After the past few days, I think that's probably alright.
Tonight is rapidly turning into a "fuck it, I'm not doing anything" night.
I kinda just want to take a nap or something. It's been a long week and I don't have anything due immediately.
Yeah... when Nintendo eventually gets around to Amiibos of all the Pokemon (You know they will), it will be a madhouse.
Okay, that was the Nintendo direct thing, I guess. Back to whatever it was I'm supposed to be doing.
lol 200cc. I'm pretty sure I can't even hack it on 150cc.
Mario Kart DLC moved up? Cool. Pretty sure I bought the bundle with the last one, so new maps are always fun.
Amiibo cards... Okay Ninendo, there is a point at which things go too far, and clearly you have crossed it.
Fire Emblem is another point in favour of getting the 3DS-majig thing.
I'm gonna have to break down and buy one of these newfangled 3DSs at some point, aren't I?
...Gotta catch 'em all (fish edition)?
Mario-themed Match-3 game. Nintendo cannot be accused of not understanding trends, for sure.
FTP Pokemon game? That sounds dangerous.
Neat. WiiU Fatal Frame sounds like an interesting idea.
This trailer is... aggressively Japanese.
Don't Starve on WiiU as well? Cool.
Octodad!
Good, I can upgrade my Paper Mario that I got from rewards, so that I can actually play it.
Finally, using the gamepad for asymmetric gameplay.
Yarn amiibos...
Not that I'm likely to pick it up, mind you. But, still, it's nice that they're giving you that option for Mario Maker.
I'm glad that you can switch Mario game aesthetics. SMB3 &gt;&gt; SMB1
Reddit right now: Push button, do thing!?
You thought it was spring?
HAHA! APRIL FOOLS!
Have a snowstorm.
Oh man, it is the perfect lighting and temperature for snoozing.
Sleep now. Practice again tomorrow morning. Words Words Words.
But seriously, if coke or pepsi would sell the cherry version of their products here, that would be swell.
In order to have a cherry-flavoured pepsi, I must combine pepsi and grenadine, like some kind of savage.
I can hear myself blinking.
I think it's safe to say that my sleep schedule is royally messed up right now. Hi, almost 4 am!
Go to bed, Jeff. Go to sleep.
Had flash of inspiration for presentation. Loaded it back up to write down overall outline for those ideas. Will refine tomorrow. Feeling ok
Still lots of work to do, but I don't want to stay up until 5am again tonight. I'm going to bed.
♫ Will I wait a lonely lifetime? / If you want me to, I will ♫
Flames win. Kings lose. Today was a good day.
Should be working on presentation. I have to give it Wednesday, after all.
Also: Blackhawks - Do us a solid?
C'mon Flames, you really need to win this one.
Head still hurts like hell. But I'm largely lucid again. I think I'm going to go get some groceries, I guess.
Yeah, would not recommend making yourself sick just to get work done. Bleh.

Ends up being very counterproductive.
Once this headache abates a bit, I should go get groceries, so I can then hunker down and finish work on that presentation.
Consciousness achieved finally. Only halfway through second class of the day. ...frak.
There is no sleep. Never sleep.
Here's some Alice Cooper to play me off after this ridiculously long night: https://t.co/kfrCJc4T72
3:45. Printing off assignment, finally. Naturally, there's a printer jam.
...It dawns on me that there should be 72 individual plots in this experiment. The excel spreadsheet only holds data for 64.
