Work is done! Whoopy de doo, playoffs are here!!! #gojetsgo #cupfever
Pretty mean of coworkers to try to convince you that you gotta work late and maybe miss part of the jets game :(
Watching geese fight is amusing. They seem to be pretty protective of their mates lmao
The means by which jets fans entertain themselves on Twitter on gamedays is beyond ridiculous lol
Shit I almost died. Thought Ladd was out.
Is Ladd playing tonight?
Can today be over already? I wanna watch some hockey!
Already shaking with excitement...still another 8 hours to go. I need help lol
I'll die if the jets win today. I'll die if they don't. Haha I'm screwed
I love the jets I love the jets I love the jets I love the jets
I like the jets
Pretty much chanting go jets go in my head all day
I'm playoff delirious
Wheeler is better than Crosby lol
Ducks are getting swept hahaha
Lol we're gonna win the cup
Guys we are in the playoffs
Can't sleep, Oh well, it's FREAKIN GAMEDAY!!! #GOJETSGO #playoffs #WeWantTheCup
27 more hours!! #gametime
So who's gonna be the first player to score in the playoffs for the jets? I pick Adam Lowry!
Google your name and have fun looking at the pictures that come up #thingstodowhileyouarebored
So sad!!! https://t.co/pBSrPYrzh6
Bruins fire their GM! NICE LOL
Bahaha, just talked with a canucks fan who has a problem with big buff and his style of play. Ha, tell you what, he wants buff on his team!
So true http://t.co/CSgf0qAE75
#isitThursdayyet
This weather makes me wanna get out and tan...
http://t.co/kLukECJLOa  hey @brunettbarbi looks like you're popular now!
If there is a girl out there with a ticket for me to a playoff game, I will marry you and forever be with you
If you could keep only one of trouba or Myers, who do you keep?
Has Maurice named his starter for Thursday yet? It might be Hutch 😂😂
Hey @EhSportsOpinion you making picks for the Stanley Cup playoffs? Or did I miss them?
Funny how I'm so sleepy on non game nights but I get pretty fired up on game nights 😅😅😅
I predict the Rangers will win the Cup against the Hawks
http://t.co/ZLFqw2fuY2
Huh, leafs cleaning house. What a surprise
Watching Andrew Copp's face after he gets his first NHL point is awesome. He just glows with excitement. So good!
