WELP. Ended up being a door to door sale scam, almost got suckered in too sad to say. Got an interview at a clothing store tomorrow though!
Broad City is a real funny show.
WHAT HAVE I BECOME? http://t.co/EMIzGiBLq7
Cool sly, collar and tie, business guy selfie coming later. @charlannek
I've never worn a tie at a job before and I literally just had to YouTube how to tie one because I've never done it before.
Alright, got a new job sorted! It's a sales job and I wear a tie and I start training on Wednesday so should be an experience! @charlannek
If I have to read another variation of the same boring lesser of two evils political "analysis" on here I'm going to scream.
I remembered Broad City while I was typing maybe I'll check that out.
Hey guys what's a good comedy show I should watch.
"@/ben_wert: @/TinaDayton you are the yoko ono of roosterteeth" 

God damnit. @ritcheyz
So if you ever get into an argument, just do the Konami code IRL. You're welcome. http://t.co/hX746ANOKg
Shout out to my autocorrect for changing Yoko to yolo though. You get me, phone.
Count down till people start calling Tina the Yoko of Achievement Hunter for whatever reason.
why do I keep getting targeted Twitter ads for places I dropped in resumes that's kind of spooky right?
Oh God can we please just ban the clapping hands emoji.
Ugh I hate tweeting celebrities I mean what do you even say. I'm loving TLMoE. Bobs Burgers is pretty great and so are you @kristenschaaled
Why are my cold tablets mint flavoured. This is just bloody silly.
My fever induced hellscape the other day consisted of watching people play Trials: Evolution for 7 hours. They were bad at extreme tracks.
Maybe we should get round to curing that.
Guys colds are real fucked up. You go to sleep suddenly you're at the whim of whatever fever induced hellscape your own brain comes up with.
Oh I should probably watch X-Files huh. @stokedbro
Colds are the worst, especially if you're looking for employment. Fully bed ridden today, really bloody hope it clears up tonight.
I need a keychain but where do you buy keychains? Like is there a keychain shop somewhere? Where do they even come from?
Got a mad bad craving for bubble tea but I have man flu and I'm lazy. I WILL PERSEVERE!
Ugh I got a spam bot tweet me and I got super excited that maybe they had something but nope.
I *think* they're looking for workers, and I can save up money to both hang out with mates in Edmonton and backpack in the US.
I think I'm gonna have a look at the oil rigs. Kiwis go to Australia for mining, why can't I go north for drilling?
I could work an average job till October then day goodbye to everyone. I could take an even lower wage job and hang with them till 2016.
My place for now is here in Edmonton but because of those fuckers in Toronto I can't stay here past October.
I feel like I've finally figured myself, now I need to figure out where my place is.
It's the little things about living in a city. Black guy gets stopped by police, his friend walks past me and mutters "heh, cops..."
