Who am I kidding, this is who I am. The penguin is me.
Sometimes during sex all I want to say is cock. But over and over like a prayer.
Never explain a joke. If you do, it's not a joke.
The geese are back. They're not lovely birds but what they portend is lovely. So I love them.
Survival mechanism #27
Pretend you deserve it.
Criminal types, I feel a duty to warn you. There is no twitter in prison.
Here I am eating alone in my usual one-down position. How to climb up?
So many times I've believed lies. I feel religious.
I'm getting so much love today.
I think that you're brilliant, caring—and gorgeous. How could I not love you?
Real dm
Love. The antidote for boredom.
My other best friends don't lick my butt. Cc @TMcguts
You have great tweets.
You have nice tweets.
Let's start a new religion, but just for the tax shelter. (against my values fo sho, but... money)
I'm a disorganized mess and I lost your address. But I have your book still if you'd give me another chance I'd me so grateful. @AmdAndrew
Wow he has maintained interest in her for a long time. I bet she's a man.
He's as stupid as two men.
I'm considering deleting all my old tweets to start over. Is that a chicken shit move?
Disrespecting disease by not using vaccines is dangerous for everyone.
When you take every opportunity to pay less tax you are demonstrating that your self preservation is more important than helping others.
I think searching for a job is one of the most difficult things to do.
And... That was a joke, I'm not that hot and I have a high tolerance to booze so I don't puke.
I'm so hot but I can't pull at the bar. Maybe it's because I'm always puking drunk.
Shaming someone to try and improve their behaviour doesn't tend to work.
My sexuality is pathological.
Borders are bullshit.
Light. So many meanings, all positive.
Damn damn damn
Happy birthday my brilliant friend @EmbraceTheCoda 
I hope you are well, and I look forward to our next chat.
What is it with these backward countries that still have the death penalty? Ten bucks says they're the most religious ones.
Pair bonding begins when the female magpie begs the male magpie for food. And people say we don't need feminism :/
Where fear exists there can be no love.
You and I have one thing in common, we both love me.
There is no love without attention.
True love. That is all.
Wish my hand didn't hurt so bad.
This is great bar. Reminds me of the blue oyster.
Don't kid yourself. You use algebra all the time.
Sexy girls want to tweet you now. 
Cc @GimpCyborg
Compassion: suffering together.
Today I learned all about how to make ethical arguments. Bring it.
Do you ever feel like you just don't fit in at all?
This feels awkward, did I do something wrong? Can you tell me what I did wrong and help me fix it?
Sometimes I wish I weren't an alcoholic, but then I have another drink.
Finally wine time.
My toenails are coca cola red. Because fuck you Pepsi.
I've been told I lack enthusiasm. I'm unimpressed.
If you analyze porn in a systematic way you'll find they all have the same theme.
Feminist ethics, aka "caring ethics" .
A feeling of belonging is so important for most of us. Maybe that's what we are looking for.
He's hot and cool all at once.
I Kant handle all these ethics.
Make your decision then live with it. That's the hard part.
I'm so sick of feeling like a bonfire by getting weiners shoved in me.
This spa hotel in Canmore is amazing. And paid for. I'm so lucky. http://t.co/cAWkVSWKk3
You're like a ketchup bottle. You cum faster if someone smacks you.
He sat us down and very seriously read an entire Wikipedia page to us, as if we were his students.
Don't put your ass finger down in the bed.
I guess cum dumpster means different things to different people.
We've all fantasized about other people while having sex, right? 

Well, you're one of my favourite fantasies.
Real dm
According to sleep hygiene you should only do sex and sleep in bed. I include tweeting in one or the other of those categories.
Someday I want a bedroom that is all bed.
Out for my walks again. Spring has sprung.
This will end badly.
Gotta do your own thing.
People who post meme after meme with no narration.... What are you thinking?
Please follow me back so I can feel you out for some sexting.
Do you remember the conversation we had with that charlatan swami.
How'd my g spot get into the back of my throat?
Straight isn't the opposite of homosexuality you can be straight gay or straight hetero but not straight bisexual.
Twitter is different now. Or maybe it's me.
Why do you take drugs? You're not stupid enough already?
Now they plan things without me right in front of me. I am officially persona non grata.
I'm learning what I'm willing to do for a big weiner.
Reading people's thoughts feels so godlike.
People brag about loving their kids as if they could help it.
I've been watching documentaries and now I hate everyone.
Noone seems to have noticed that my bio is just a word I made up to describe myself.
I didn't even know I had a fetish.
While you're licking my butthole can you bite it a little, cause it's itchy.
Oh... Now I remember why I am getting love DMs.
Can't sleep tonight because I'm picturing you in my mind, nude, naughty, GLORIOUS.
Real dm
Cuntadictorian.
because you are the most beautiful woman in the world and I worship you.
Real dm
