Working these super late shifts is going to destroy the shreds that remain of my sleep schedule
Or keep playing big jenga w/e
GET THE FUCK OUT SO I CAN CLEAN
Gonna power clean this bar and sleep for at least ten hours.
Left one job with no money, get to the next, it's dead too. When can I start drinking?
Rob &amp; Sam's great elevator adventure 2.0: Rehki Hall
Mid sentence again. I just don't get it.
8th Wonder of the World: how fast Allen falls asleep
I'm so hungry yet so lazy
Plz deliver an iced coffee to my bed
I'll be a 6'1 goth girl but watch me give no fucks
But they don't fit and I'd much rather have these 3" platform creepers I found
I think I have to return these shoes ugh
I've experienced three people questioning this matter in two days
How do people not know that butter is a dairy product?
Band nights are brutal
MY LEGS
If you drink five shots in an hour plus five glasses of water, that's still five shots in an hour... Dumbshits.
Do people not realize that a glass of water does not cancel a drink?
-He's in the air force, you can buy girl scout cookies from him.
Tits come first.
http://t.co/BOKWgeteKj
Can I plz be Sailor Mars https://t.co/uDDuvCVvYh
Was told I look like Kat von D today.  💯
Cheap beer night... Let's see how this goes
Working karaoke night... Give me strength. Or free drinks and excederin.
big asses swing like wrecking balls
Bananas vs. Cats: https://t.co/vP1yytYBVL
You want scotch and milk?????? The fuck? #bartenderjudgements
I completely fucked my sleep schedule this weekend
It kinda makes me sad they killed godzilla
*aggressively cuddles blankets*
I hate myself with every extra minute I spend on it
It's so stupid but I can't stop watching it
This is quite possibly the most ridiculous movie ever
I need a black leather jacket. And above the knee black boots that don't make me look like a hooker.
Someone bring me extra corn tortillas, STAT
Nope I have enough for at least half of campus
Thought it would be good for two people plus leftovers
Okay seriously I tried to make dinner
The interior is far too much for my taste. If it came in black &amp; gunmetal grey, then we'd be talking.
I see jaguar and bentley influences. Still looks good, though.
It looks almost feline?
Those headlights.... Mmmmm
Kind of digging the Lincoln Continental concept
https://t.co/jSSiUlQohF
I would give anything to not go to work and take a nap instead
I feel really bad that sometimes people just tolerate my passion but have no interest. It hurts a little.
Instead of flying gracefully, I beat the air into submission
I am an attack helicopter.
Celebrating with half a bottle of wine
I won. Fuck you, spider.
1v1 deathmatch in my shower
I wish I could pull off a medusa piercing ugh
I relate far too much to this omg
#partygoblin
But I found some ice cream so that's nice
I hope he has another and won't die without this or something
Like an inhaler wtf
I keep finding more of Allen's things in random places here
Someone come with me next Tuesday.
I have been wanting to get some sushi for like 2 months now.
It's almost 4 am and all I am doing is retweeting pictures of sushi wtf
And sushi
I want orange juice so badly
Why was he even that close to me?
I'm mortified
I just accidentally touched some guy's dick trying to get up to leave class omg
I want to be everything and nothing.
Sausage movement https://t.co/C5tiB8WGCx
Girl crying in the bathroom is ruining my jam
Destroyed that exam. Killed it. Do not resuscitate. It is a corpse, a shell of its former self.
can I begin my new life as a cyborg plz
Can't ask Allen because he decided to come over and sleep in my bed like four hours ago
Someone bring me ice-cream
Starting bartending at the waterfront &amp; goal post next week! So happy to be getting bar shifts again
Well shit, just come in and hand your keys to the bartender and quit your job owning the other bar? Fuck.
I'm going to lock these doors and let us all burn
It's empty and looks really comfortable. That's a good enough invitation for me.
I wonder if anyone would wake me up if I took a nap in this faculty &amp; staff lounge
But it doesn't work like that ha
I need to calm the fuck down
I'm so strung up about this week already... I'm shaking
My doctors office just told me I need to lose weight. I'm in the healthy bmi range :(
I see all these accounts "if you're 13-19 follow us" bitch I'm almost 25
KING RAAAAMSEEEEES
And the bridge is closed. Fuck. At least shelie saved me by bringing me a toothbrush.
I think 80% of my relationship with Allen is me sending him cat pictures
http://t.co/A88QFPABlA
All I get out of this is an early morning and a thank you. And a lonely drive back to Houghton. #imhungry
And the tow truck left before we did, Idk how this is possible
At least Allen's car finally showed up... An hour after we got here
Well today has been interesting so far
Just did tabby's eyebrows and they look amazing. Maybe there is hope for me after all.
I forgot how fucked up it is. I love it.
I'm so glad courage the cowardly dog is on Netflix
Meaning mushroom and swiss. Hahaha
A customer ordered the "s&amp;m" burger.
Revenge http://t.co/lwJ19qf9Lr
Also tadashi shoji is an amazing designer. New found love
A Vince Camuto jacket almost brought me to tears when it wasn't available in my size anymore
I can't sleep and I'm overly emotional and kinda depressed
http://t.co/edPw39zzE0
http://t.co/YMCkUfLVhe
http://t.co/zYcG09Sj0U
The floor is basically shelf zero
I wish caffeine affected me. I fucked this relationship up.
Also I have LTE in bootjack??
So glad I didn't have to work tonight. I'd be way too grumpy to serve dumb fucks all night
Some guy stopped to ask if I'm okay because I'm sitting here in my car all alone
So yeah, random guy, I'm good. I think I made his night bec he acted like he had never seen them before and went to get his wife
I just pointed to the sky
V okay with seeing the northern lights two nights in a row
BEETLEJUICE BEETLEJUICE BEETLEJUICE
#cyborgacceptance
Trucks with their mirrors folded in look like the dog when you yell at her and she puts her ears flat against her head
I swear I went from exhausted to turbo awake in the time it took to lay here for two seconds
I laid down and now I'm not tired
Ehhhhh maybe I'll just go to Walmart rn
Punk ass 9y.o. child gang on razor scooters in Hancock right now
Why am I awake
With Allen. W/e
Day drunk
Me vs Allen http://t.co/xNjjM4oKMa
