Thanks for ruining my hockey pool subban you dumb bitch
This is very important for you
Help me study for my test tomorrow
I am pretty sweet
If i dont get my shoe back tomorrow i'm fighting somebody holy shit actually
Whoever stole my white emerica shoe please give it back to me i am so sad
Lil Durk the man
ya fuck the club up
fuck this man fuck football
RUN IT I DONT UNDERSTAND
YOU ARE FUCKING RETARDED WILSON WHAT THE FUCK
HOLY SHIT MAN
What the fuck is going on
afterallyouremywonderwall
RIP A$AP Yams
FUCK AARON RODGERS
AND AGAIN
SEAHAWKS
PSN is up but 2k Servers are down, right fuckin on 💥🔫
PSN is up boys
Fuck you Microsoft, Fuck you Sony
More people are on trivia crack than on the bstones #thisisbad
Game winning answer http://t.co/bmvfRpFJJY
quinns about to win fuck
gonna make a WTF Quesnel to make quinn take his turn on trivia crack ffs
What should i say for my grad write up
9 out of everyone 10 people i interacted with today told me i look 10 years old #ffs
Tried to style facial hair, fucked up. Had to shave it all, pissed off, look like an ever bigger pussy, fuck.
what happened to ebola
Who looks like me and wants to give me an id
We're all 1 bullet away from being a hashtag.
||ROSE|| - @jpdreamthug Beautiful
https://t.co/7naBM00PUo NEW NEW
https://t.co/7naBM00PUo
https://t.co/wfvFBWviKe
https://t.co/S3ZYzqrdVv
BOTH 4 SALE 4 THE LOW
I love all my supporters
https://t.co/wfvFBWviKe
K CAMP smooth
https://t.co/wuNj0AUeBe  LISTEN TO THIS &lt;3
https://t.co/tbp7Qev6Xb
https://t.co/tbp7Qev6Xb
the majority of the guys killin shit in the 90's/early 2000's are still killin shit now.
The only genre of music that wasn't at it's best in the 90's/early 2000's is hip hop..i mean all across every sub genre. much more talent
You can do anything you want, all you need is ideas
Didnt forward chain mail, i am dead tonight at 12
https://t.co/H4RuNnIBjS FINALLY POSTED SOME NEW SHIT PLEASE CHECK IT OUT
I eats pears now, shout out all the pear.
Where White Wulf tho?
Blood Shore Season 2 🙌
Fuck i'm pissed
Really wish christmas break will come sooner, i need more time to make music, i've been very slack lately..:(
I like that money baby
doesn't count you got nice shit if you ugly remember
"Like if you came because 5SOS" on the "I Miss You" video by Blink..I wanna take my life then take their life after..
I felt like Bradley Cooper in limitless tonight.
I analyzed all dem like a Pokedex
Brad smoked a dart in Lisa Wilde's car...i did NOT light it
the adde makin me clean my room at 1:33 AM
#RIPTrigz
you know its real when you are who you think you are
only got netflix for The Boondocks
I'm one of the only white kids who can say that
I never bought an eminem album, single, merch of any kind. He was never my shit
Theres nothing more stressful than not being able to relief your stress
Considering driving to 711 and asking for a pack of blackstones i need to relief my stress
Drink everyday, smoke when its rainin
X. Wulf &amp; Bones - Earth (Official Video) http://t.co/3tOWtuhPi2 via @youtube
Earth is that song you listen to when you're alone at a smoke spot in your car at night
My soul is very sacred, i'm filled up with hatred..
My rokits are bangin from all these @liljayyeah trackssss
She cant smoke with me no mo because she cant control herself
Happy Birthday L'A RIP http://t.co/bngdzYTOMy
Do you guys even listen to @liljayyeah
When someone say some ignorant shit: "do you even listen to cold hart?"
Keenan Thompson that dude
But then i realized it was just tracy morgan and was so happy it wasnt keenan thompson
Until a few weeks ago i thought it was Keenan Thompson in that car crash and i was really sad about it bc hes awesome
Only good things about canada is you dont get fucked in the ass if you break your leg and nobody tryna bomb us
My feet are so cold fuck i hate canada
DO IT
DONT BE SHY
ASK ME HOW MY DAY WAS ON SNAPCHAT AND I'LL ASK HOW YOURS WAS
YOU SHOULD BE UP RN YOU SHOULD BE READING THIS RN
YA GIRL LIKING PICTURES ON MY INSTAGRAM FROM 30 WEEKS AGO BUY A LEASH
No favs on the shave tweet thats what i like to see
Fav if i should shave my beard
I HAVENT BEEN ABLE TO DECIDE IF TIMBERLANDS ARE COOL OR NOT FOR LIKE 5 YEARS
I dont give a fuck bout what you on, let me tell you some.
Come and learn somethin from the sensei
I aint give a fuck what yall say
Happy theres no school bc i took physics for some fucked up reason
I'm always down to die put my blade on em
Why the fuck is my ask fm bugged i got cyber bullying to do ffs
My favourite colour is white
cherry red beamer gang banged the fuck out red rag around a nina
I'm reflectin you
My soundcloud feed is fire tonight damn
RiFF RAFF GOT BARS THO
h a d e n o u g h
how long has it been a year and a half?
where is 'play em like atari'? this is getting to be too much : (
If i still had fl studio i'd be making music steady every day, i really gotta focus on learning ableton rn so i can get back where i was
Snapchat : eromkcalb
push away push away push away now
Fuck a closed casket, bitch put me with the trees..let me rot, throw some seeds.. water me and give me leaves..
And the Cavaliers win 2014-2015 NBA Championship
G-Eazy...Jeezy tf
Ariana missed Jody bc she woulda got frostbite from those glaciers on his fingers damn
Katy Perry sexy tho
It aint nothin to cut that bitch off
So what you sayin hoe, you know i'm da man hoe
if you don't pay and support other artists how can you expect other people to support you?
Kill The Unknown
I'm limited edition
r.i.p. to Robin Williams this is fucked up
Lil B did all of this first
Lil B created
Snapchat eromkcalb rn
Text 983 9825
Kik brandonboxcutter
Need money
Jessica Alba is getting old but shes still heaven sent
Need drums
