Working at Wasaya Airways LP http://t.co/KcV69pa8UW
Praise the Lord! http://t.co/STVyORrAmr
Let's do this!! http://t.co/ZwN3q6bHIy
Eeewwww lol https://t.co/leIpUy5kiV
God is moving!  Call on him while he is near! Jesus! http://t.co/M4qAtcQ8Vn
Amen! http://t.co/oGEwyfYbnV
Wait on the Lord! http://t.co/7WWHkJjVhu
Pray
The Lord is not slack concerning his promise! http://t.co/5fClhJ3W9f
God gave you a gift!
Call on him, Jesus!
Except the Lord build!
Don't do it on your own! Let Jesus be your foundation and builder!
He shall build!! http://t.co/gt2DHiaWMm
My deliverance is coming!
Jesus said , "I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly." http://t.co/zrzEPKjqAE
Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and you will be saved and your whole house! http://t.co/JDynlIoMR2
I am thankful I still have my back.  Appreciating life, no matter how weak I may be, God is strong and his healing virtue continues to flow!
I'm blessed! It's because of King Jesus!
I count not myself to have apprehended!  Don't look back, Look Forward!
May your eyes be on Jesus!
Leafs shall be blessed
The rains shall come!
Love one another.
Treasures of darkness shall be enlightened!
Look up for your redemption draws nearer!!  Jesus shall come back.
Hi Twitter
Is there anything to hard for our Lord Jesus Christ!
There is a cause!  John 3:16
Follow Jesus
Trust God and give him all your cares
The power of the Lord is present to heal you Luke 5:17
Thanks
Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ for your eternal life
Today, yes today. Today is the acceptable time for your salvation through faith in Jesus.  Call on the name of the Lord Jesus today.
God goes before you, Fear not!
Salvation in no other! Jesus.
Jesus said come unto me and I will give you rest.  Surely this Word is truth!
For the labourer is worthy of his hire. Thank you God in Jesus name!
Take no thought for your life!!! Trust God in Jesus name!!
Repent!  God loves you! Turn from evil and do good! Call on the name of Jesus!!!!!!
Jesus saves!
I appreciate Jesus today, right now, for all blessings and everlasting life!   Thank you Jesus!
You are more than an overcomer in Christ Jesus!!
Jesus is still able to heal, deliver, save and so much more!
Nothing is too hard for Jesus! Call on his name
In the name of Jesus I will stand
At the cross my sins were forgiven, so are yours.  Trust Jesus as your Saviour today.
May God comfort all those in Newtown Conn. and send labourers to help in this  tragic time
The Lord bless you in Jesus name
God is a God of 2nd, 3rd........ chances
Forgiven at the Cross
Jesus is creating an opportunity to change your world!   Be ready, step in!
Praise The Lord!  Put on Jesus!
Jesus waiting on you to step up and answer the high calling
Jesus is able to heal all manner of diseases, Are you willing to believe by Faith in his name?
@taitruby Praise The Lord!
No other name whereby we can be saved, the name, Jesus!
There is hope!  Call on the name of Jesus!
God Loves You.  Sent his Son Jesus to save you from all your distresses!
Praise The Lord! Isaiah 60:1 Arise, shine; for thy light is come, and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee.
The abundant life is in Jesus!
Praise The Lord!
Trust in Jesus, call on him today. He shall deliver.  He shall deliver. He shall deliver.
What a man thinks, that's what he is.  
I am a child of God, my big brother Jesus will cause me to be at peace. 
How much more for you!
Look to Jesus 
The way, the truth and the life
Create in me a clean heart!
That I may be more like you Jesus!
Rend your heart to Jesus!
Expect a blessing! Salvation now for you, your loved ones, our Nation! In the name of Jesus
Have you heard about Jesus!
Jesus heals! Jesus saves!
Blind Bartimaeus heard about Jesus and yelled for Jesus!
Jesus is waiting for you, now
Who ever calls on the name of Jesus shall be saved!
