Someone find me a vine of Miliband taunting Cameron please....
Ed Milliband calling David Cameron out....🙈
Nigel, calm down pal.....
JFT96
Saying 'when Madrid don't have the ball....' In the Madrid derby is poor commentating to say the least......
The in-form Barely Legal travels well and keeps on to win! Good to have a #NapExchange winner at long last @gordie1977 good price as well!
Better to be born lucky than born rich....
Great day at my first ever point to point! http://t.co/FWhQi3r2XU
Speith please.....
What a shot from Casey!!! Looks good for an Eagle there!
My Grand National hero Saint Are parading at Andoversford Point to Point! http://t.co/u4XPkwJAPl
I'm out with the dog to relax after bursting a blood vessel cheering on Saint Are, what a fitting sky #ManyClouds http://t.co/ZW4ZTebCZV
No complaints about that! Made £15 with the place money but thought it was gonna be so much more with Saint Are staying on!
BALTHAZAR KING UPP!!!!!!!!!!!
Please God Balthazar King get up.....
MANY CLOUDS WINS!! Really though Saint Are would get to him but a great effort!
We're off, what a sight!!!!
20/1 on Soll looks massive now! Let's hope he goes well!!
Forget the bets. All I want is all horses and jockeys back safe.
Away from all things horses....FGR are 2-0 up in a massively important home game! Come on boys!!!!
Cole Harden jumping like a stag!!! Brilliant to see!
COME ON COLE HARDEN!!!!!!
Rest In Peace Seedling. Was one to watch for me and a promising career cut short. So sad.
Didn't look good for Seedling that hope he's okay!
Liked Seedling in this as I did at Cheltenham when he unseated!
The big one is here! Here's what i'm backing! http://t.co/tG3N4EYTLb reply with your thoughts and what you'll be backing! #GrandNational
If you back Balleycasey today you need your brains tested....
Ordo Ab Chao and Zeroshadesofgrey for me here :)
Absolute carnage at one of the fences with horses running along it infront of horses....mental stuff!
Johns Spirit has run such a huge race for a 'Cheltenham Specialist'....what an animal, love him!
Brilliant win from Saphir looks exciting!
Carole's Destrier jumping lazily....
Still plenty of racing left to go!! http://t.co/tG3N4EYTLb
Glad commissioned is okay...shock result for me!
GLINGERBURN and COMMISIONED in this!!
Is this Gok Wan shit really necessary....
I believe Mijhaar was a hard luck story there...squeezed out badly 2 out....gutted!
Go on Speith!!! On at 11/1 and he's steaming round at the minute!
Anyone on anything in the golf? #Masters #Punt
ARCTIC FIRE!!!!!!
Please Arctic Fire get up.....
Fair play what an animal!!!!
I'll probably get the top two sorted out but something else that ran in the gold cup will beat both, maybe Smad Place....
Really don't see Conti beating Holywell! Who knows, let's hope for a cracking race!
Good second from Devilment, maybe hit the front too soon! 9/1 place isn't so bad! Placepot still alive!
Really fancied Vibrato to reverse form with Josses Hill but didn't see Clarcam coming, never mind! Placepot still alive!
So excited for Aintree today!!! Here's what I'm backing! http://t.co/tG3N4EYTLb
Aintree Morning Line!!!!
What a tune this is coming up......
Take the bloody shot.....
Skyfall. Chocolate. Easter evening done.
For anyone in need of a bit of majesty on this gloomy Saturday morning get Classic FM on now.....I Was Glad.
PRETEND!!!! Very impressive, travelled so strongly, cleared away nicely!
In other news, I'm about to hit up my first bag of walkers mix ups #excited
It makes me shudder when Ed says 'if I'm prime minister' if that happens I really think I may emigrate....
But gutted Farage isn't smoking a fag and holding a pint of ale...
It's debate time!!!!
Phwoarr.....
Did I really just watch Jones get done by Chiellini.....
Do the Italians think God Save Our Queen is a Waltz?
This is a step up in class for Harry Kane and I hope he takes it in his stride...Chiellini and Bonucci won't be easy to lose...
Neymar flops around like a fish out of water....what a twat.....
I love Best Odds Guarenteed!!!! 12/1 SP
A huuuuuuge drift on GABRIAL but in he goes!!!!! BOOOOM!!
Great ride, first on turf! Well done @TomMarquand very composed interview also!
Good lad sterling....
Think I just counted 3 nutmegs in that Brazil goal.....#tekkers
Global Thrill gets things off to a cracker @NewtonAbbotRace nice 5/1 winner!!!
What a goal, what a player, did my bets plenty of favours as well!!
GET. IN.
It's only when you're such a legend that you get so much shit for one moment of madness.....#clueless #socialmedia #legend
Go on Leicester!
ITALYY!!!!!
You could've driven a planet through that hole in Spurs defence.....
