Can you imagine hearing bewafa then fkin take care someone got issues uno
Aqib Asghar aka @Imrankhanworld biggest fan
Here we ago, bewafa again
If ed gets in power it means student loans will be cut to 6k so that's nice #ExpertInPolitics
That iPhone picture thing on iMessage is a joke
Fkin hell that Reggie Yates documentary man.. Well scary to see mass right wing support and it being that xtreme in 2015 scary af
I have so failed college fk
Problem with me is waking up at 11/12 then getting out of bed at 2/3 and starting revision at 4/5 it's a shambles and that's y I fail
I wake up confused, lost and hurting
Why the fuck is Aqib listening to imran Khan bewafa????
Whoever was born today is a gandu @hamza34h x
Still dunno why season 2 of Attack On Titan wasn't released this year!!!!
You killed her children
You raped herrrrrrrr
Kk I done like 2 hours of PE.. Learnt 3 Fkin 14 markers cba
👳🏽 it's me
Blonde daenerys or brunette..?
If it meant letting daenerys tell me what to do etc.. I'd be unsullied
Hold tight the makavelis, miss you lot
Match of the day just analysed city being shit?????????????? Y
UNITEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
I HAVE FIRST 4 EPISODES GAME OF THRONES NAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA KKKK
Qprs midfield out strengthening Chelsea's 👀
Who came maccies expecting a fizzy drink but got oasis instead hahahahahaha
Get rid of Rvp and bring in lewandowski omg
Go deep in the rave
Why R people getting thrills over Twitter "beef" everyone needs to http://t.co/0ltovFW70z
PREEto mera viyaaaa karley
Datguy
Thing about FALCAO is.. he's been v unlucky at United, he makes moves but the players don't find him, he also tries so hard 😔
Before I go to work, I just want to say, there are better places to get ice cream and milkshakes from instead of McDonald's
Legit don't like waking up, head always hurts
Don't http://t.co/lO2Ijk8jS3
AYY Rodriguezzzzz
RONALDOOOOOOO
How did ronaldo get booked for that
Someone slap this pest
Arapesh, mundugumor &amp; tchambuli
Will shower then will revise.. Inshallah
Every Bengali at least went to one wedding today
https://t.co/mjI5VnaQ4d
@Aqib_97
City playing us when we've hit form.. but city are ALWAYS up for the derby
Fk Maccies making me work on sunday
This Derby on Sunday is even bigger now
Na hahahaha puncheon dat guy
Football weather this
Another assist for flop Angel Di Maria :/
That was naughty from ALEXIS
NAAAAA STOP THAT ALEXIS
Why didn't Rogers start Sturridge lol
Ozillllll YA gunners yaaaaa
Kid wants 150k for that
Where is Manqillo
