So hard seeing someone go through so much and not being able to make it better.
Ran out of bubbles for the bath so gutted
Dunno how im so tired all ive done today is take my cousin a walk with connor
Win your hoppy-est holiday ever worth £10,000 with Lindt Gold Bunny! @LindtUK Visit http://t.co/hxm3wBx3fY #LindtGoldBunny
I think my boyfriend fancys my best pal hes always going on about her😂
Its annoying that my pals work on the days im off boo
Another braw day and im working again boo
Canny wait til Thursday to have a day off
Connor just came through with a tampon leaflet "omg a just read this what the hell I never knew thats what they did" hahaha weirdo
If Hendry would like to wake up that would be fab
Just been told I was meant to be in work for 10 this morning... Good one no one told me N am hinging having to go in now
Why am I working I want to chill with ice cold beer and go on the trampoline
Connors wee brother is da best giving me sweets 😁
Chilling with some wine round the fire, braw night
Feel like ive broke my foot N it hurts
Ohya my head is in bits
Wine please
Got 3 hours to kill at college until the next class bored out my mind
Been doing this report for 3 hours... Nearly finished phewww
Officially in debt fml
One thing I hate is people shouting in my face,   ass hole
So sleepy but got to go to work :(
Seriously hate mondays at college we do nothing
How the hell was I so drunk last night... Cheap night oot
Love how annoyed Connor gets when I put Chris Brown on 😂
Whys it no pay day just want to let my hair down,  get mortal and go wild.
Why do I let people lie to my face... Sick of it
Think I managed to catch a bug meh
Anyone know if the dog down sea field has been caught on a lead yet?
Took alf a walk today with connor and the dog just wouldn't leave me alone and Connor was the one trying to play with him haha
My head hurts to even move :(
Looks like I won't be sleeping the night, freaking out
Cant write an introduction to save myself
My dog keeps biting my nails thinking its food 😂
About time I started my report...
Ripped my joggies so thought id take connors instead
Wish work would do my holidays asap so I know if I can go to Aberdeen in may or no eeek
Can't wait for college holidays so I get a few days off!
Whys mother drunk im in need of a good scran
The day I get all my tax back will be just fab makes me seek how much they take
Feel like someones hit me accross the head with a brick
Mum just walked into my room and seemed really surprised that I was in
I hate being skint, its so boring
Jesus neighbour lost her cat and I just found him in my car bonnet
Hope Connor is at the gym right now I hate waiting all night for him to get home!
Car all washed and cleaned, makes me a little less stressed
Only thing I like about college in the mornings is getting a coffee and a haggis roll for breakfast
Need to get new tyres for my car and I don't even know where to start
I want to drink right now
Happy birthday babe @charlottemcdxx
Couldn't resist a drink after this day anyway... Why no
So annoyed just want to scream
Looking after bairns is tiring
Seriously need to get back to the gym or get myself a bike or sumin
How the hell did me and Connor manage to spend nearly 50 quid on food jeeezo
Ohh god mum N her pals were in a and e til  half 5 this morning
Yuckk spewy er here
Some old wife keeps tryim to take my boyfriends top off! Git awayy
In need of a decent mascara,  someone point me in the right direction
Canny beat a bit David Attenborough on ur break at work
Stressing cos im not at connors so i dont have Netflix because my brother wont give me his password for his account grrr
Every time I come home and have food ewan is in my face asking for a bit
Holy shit I actually just drove in that weather and never got stuck or died
Proper gutted that Oscar the iguna at college isnt here anymore :( will miss him
Spending my birthday eating and catching up on hollyoaks with alf,  why does it have to be a monday
Woke up with the sorest throat ever canny cope with loosing my voice
Have a good weekend gals gutted am no coming :( @melissamordewx @chloehendry_ @amberhendersonX @BrookeMcgrory1
Sitting here watching 2 nobs play cod am boredd
And my brothers alarm keeps going off... Whyy is it even set for this time! Stooopid
The fact im back in my own bed after over a week is weird especially being drunk and o dont like it
Weirdos accross the road have a camera up facing our house... Creepy
Gonna have to raid my house for something to wear and then down whatever drink I can find #skintproblems
Cant believe mel is finally 18, felt like she was gonna be 17 forever! Now there's nothing stopping her,  scaryyy
Why did I agree to overtime tonight cbaaa
I dont think I have slept in my own house for a week😂
Just been told I deserve to die... Cheers mate
Having a mental breakdown before I start work is never good
My mum is watching marley and me and I cannot bring myself to watch it ever again makes me hysterical for days...
Actually Have Connor being my slave going to the shop N making me coffee while I just sit and watch TV haha
Aw naw we have a spewy hendry
Could be one of the worst days ever
Canny believe my dad jst went and asked a neighbour if he can have a shot of their car for a month haha
Little vultures, git away
2 weeks til im 19, feels like it was only last week I turned 18 haha
65 hours of work done this week and only 25 of them being paid, I am knackered!
Why did we think getting an Indian was a good idea before bed, think we have had the mouths burnt aff us
Never been so worried about someone ever, cons lying on the floor cant move because hes drunk a whole bottle of southern comfort N vodka
Walk into connors and hes standing there with waxing strips on his chest saying help a canny get them off.  What have I got myself into
The 50 shades version of crazy in love is just amazing
Yey getting to work at the cattery when im off college!
Actually pissing myself laughing and need my pals or my boyfriend to actually text me back😂
In love with 2. Of the rescue cats here I wanna take themm
Friday afternoon please come quick
Canny cope with these early mornings and long Days I want to sleep forever
Whaat a day
Dunno what im gonna do when Connor goes away to work for 8 weeks straight... Scares me how lost I will be
Nae idea how im getting up at 7 monday-friday... Gonna struggle
My Friday consists of baby sitting my boyfriend whilst I eat a packet of cocktail sausages
Just washed my car in the dark because it was stressing me out how dirty it was hahaa
Why is it no pay day yet, Im poor and want to drink
Feel like my bed is tiny compared to connors, no liking it I need to get a bigger one
All I want to do is eat but theres nothing appealing in the house
No idea how some folk got a driving licence, bloody fools
Thank god a went home when I did last night, still feel like shit and got college to go through
Really want to sss the photo both pics from Friday!
Steaming, home beford 9 making chips N corn on the cob so starvin
Awesome win win situation
Buzzzzzin!
Canny believe the bouncer asked me if I wanted a new step dad last night, mortified hahaha
So much for me going to the party and no drinking last night,  ended up mortal with a broken zip
Canny beat a family party! Cant wait to see the clan
Hate when im wide awake and Connor is sound asleep, im boreeeedd
And a frenchie called frank.
Cant wait til I move out,  just so I can get a bearded dragon and loads of other animals! Will be loving life
Adele has got me addicted to the plague game...
Canny believe we just got stuck in connors room cos his door handles fell off hahaha
Annoys me so much when someone constantly says they are going to fail this N that, but they always pass every single assessment ... Shut up!
Awww another baby into the family! cant wait to see her
Managed to go the rest of the night without being sick, wake up and what happens!  Hating this
No seen anyone in about a month.
So confused, fell asleep at t time and just woke up
Feel so bloody ill this isnt good
Where is Connor :(
Cant cope with how emotional ive been recently
Im in shock I love exciting newss!
Locked out the house so im stranded for about an hour fml
Looks like Al no be going out anytime soon, makes me seek how much cars cost to get fixed
So bored just want my car
Did my dad really just text me saying "tell Connor I love him" hahaha
I cant even sleep in my own bed without my cat, we actually just go everywhere in the house together now
Desperately in need of black bags heads in the clear out zone
Instagram really doesnt want me and chloe to be pals, wont let us follow each other😂
Feels weird sleeping on my own again theres soo much room and I can actually lie in the middle of the bed yus
Love feeling fresh on a Sunday
So confused cant remember falling asleep earlier and I have no idea where Connor is or my mum N whats happening with my pals!
Got the shakes canny copee
Get a taxi home from connors like a pure mink and the man asks if im going shopping 😂
Ayia napa is paid and oot the way hooraaay
I swear Connor is more of a girl than me... Hes putting a face mask on and reading magazines wow
So frustrated why wont my tv connect to the Internet!!
Been so lazy today we never got out of bed til half 2 and now im back to watching TV. I blame the weather
Never driving in snow ever again, near death experience so scary
Crapping myself to drive to cupar in the snow, so slideyy
Dad told me to set my alarm for half 9... Hes no even up yet!
