Finally Bobo Balde and Stanislas Vargas
Momo Sylla and Didier Agathe also
And Stan Petrov
And Alan Thomsons left peg
And Craig Bellamy, John Hartson and even Chris Sutton
I'd still take Henrik Larsson over Messi or Ronaldo any day😝💚
Is any cunt wi Liam Allen?
Russell Howard's good news is fafafafaf
There's actually fuckall to watch on Netflix anymore
Fuck it I'm away to get pished
Red Hot Chilli Peppers - Can't Stop live at Slane Castle🔥🔥🔥
LINDA LISTENNNN
We had 3 races across Dundee and Evans wonderful lady car spanked jack neaves 3-0. EASY
We went out for a clarkies then ended up bumping into jack, conan and Robbie. From then we basically filmed a Top Gear: Dundee special
Indirect tweets flying about left, right and centre
People who moan about they Coachella vs TITP tweets are grumpy bastards man lighten the fuck up
Ah well that tweet earlier about taking willy hills money off him was a complete lie
I'm ready to take all of William hills money right off him tonight
I'm sooo gem for going to the dam in the summer
Evan KYDD pumped a burd a snapped his tadger now it no longer works and he's getting seriously worried. #LadyKillerNoMore
Something to do today/tonight would be greatly appreciated
Is it cold outside because it looks windy as fck
I dinna understand girls who claim to best mates cus they comment "❤" on each others photos. "❤ you". No hen. Settle yourself right doon
I've just stuck on Eurosport for the first time in aboot 5 year and cunts are playing "Australian Football". This is fucked up I'm confused
Mayweather vs Pacquiao is probably going to be the most over hyped sports event ever
Good documentary to watch???
Abdy Wednesday (weather permitting) camperdown park: bevy, BBQ, rounders and taps aff. Be there.
Went out for a game of rounders there and it was actually tits. Jack Neave had the tunes on fae his car and drained his battery oot hahahaha
I canna believe the football seasons nearly over already
Glaswegians are by far the best cunts on twitter
My dog had 2 boys and 2 girls🐶🐶
If I dinna get to jakey roll doon a muddy hill swedgered oot mi tits they ospreys are getting took clean oot the gem
Pause.......pause.......pause...... NAAAT!!
I agree with T in the park getting cancelled this year 110% you can't harm an endangered species...
Hazard is unreal. Patch playing against him
CRO COP YOU ALD HARD BASTARD!!!
Gonzaga vs Cro Cop lets fucking do this
Bored out my head
Fuck you stoke💔
Ohhhhhhh WHAT!!! My wee fucking sister won
Hahahaha what a wee shame on that horse going for it at the front with nae jockey he'll be thinking he's doing shit hot
HERE WAEEEE
They wee cunts voices irna very good when you've got a sare hade
I am buzzzzzzzin🐴🐴
Thought it would be a great idea to wear shorts today so basically now I'm fucking soaking
BOOKIES AND KFC OI OI
My dogs puppies are due today!🐶🐶
My money's going on Captain Dandy the day. I've heard Winston Ingram is the jockey.
I was walking hame just there and there was some guy shadow boxing proper going for it then he started kicking fuck oot daffodils. Teckul
Ma nigga http://t.co/723SfPq5yg
Em actually onit wi a dog Nd he's no even got any bevy left help
Been up since 05:30 and I'm currently in critical condition. Geez sleep
Awright troops wee mental daz here
Hey soul sister, ain't that Mr. Mister on the radio, stereo, THE WAY YOU MOVE AIN'T FAIR, YOU KNOW!
MR BRIGHTSIDEEE
Please x
Somecunt give me something to do tonight that doesn't involve town❓❗
Or someone give me somewhere to get onit. Either one of them and I'm happy
Been on the go since half 5 again. I went for a pint with my old boy and I was nearly sleeping at the table. Geez mi bed right now
Absolutely shattered and choking for a freezing bottle of beer
I'm still an emotional wreck from the ending of fast 7. See you again is an absolute tune
Got a feeling Dundee are going to nick it tonight. I'm going for 2-1 Dundee
Its day 4 of the YMU masters championship and its Brown and Mooney who are in the lead. The championship will be decided today
He's thinking out loud #pt
Chilling wi ed sheeran http://t.co/ffMANyEr5E
WHAT IS GOING ON HERE....... Ayyy BREAKFAST!!!
Day 3 of the YMU masters championship. Today's location: piperdam
Wee brother just gave it the big ane saying he'd beat me at FIFA. He was 3-1 up then I scored a 90th minute cutback to win 4-3. Up yi, prick
Another brilliant day taps AFF
And Danny Bowmans. "Cardiff are a banker today mate"... Getting beat
I recommend abdy to put on Jack Neaves coupy tips! Today's brilliant choice was southport. Currently 2-0 down and they have 10 men
Still canna get over my mini golf victory yesterday
I want to go out right now
He was standing on tables like "look at my fucking shorts now ay I've got cool shorts!!!!!!!"
Evan Kydd got bullied for wearing they jail shorts that much he got his mum to go in town and get him jogger shorts so he fits in hahahah
Some coupy tipster geez some top tips for the day
HELP
Here I actually do wish I found myself a cheerleader
Goodnight :)
ACTUAL
PRIIIMARK
