Got people saying "hey xxx" from like June 2014 and I've replied "better late than never"
Just went through my tinder from the beginning of time and restarted old convo's that I've blanked for over a year.
I could do my lab report. Or I could organise my wardrobe.
My housemate is ringing someone now to see if they can do his dissertation for him. He's not started and it's in 11 days 😂
This year has gone soo fucking quick
Suarez 😢
12 days to go. Rob still hasn't started his dissertation.
Loan in 5 days. Omg. Getting about £1800. I love money.
I left the house clean, go away for a few days and it's a mess.
I wanna start doing gardening part time. I'm adequate with a lawn mower. Someone hire me.
My Facebook is full of people attending an outdoor cinema event.
Caffeine got me fucked up once more.
Just applied for about 19 summer jobs that I don't even want.
Lol I don't even know what I want to do in life.
As if Heskey just tweeted at me and spelled my first name wrong.
Gonna start betting on cards and corners.
If they did an energy drink flavoured water, I would buy that shit in bulk.
Probably was was a mistake for me to watch all of the leaked Game of Thrones episodes. Now I'll have to wait another month to carry on.
Swear the media have got a vendetta against Sterling.
No. No it is not.
Hang on. Is the loan in?
"@TheUrbanSlangs: Wexican - Term for a White person who is very Mexicanized." Walsh
This time yesterday, I was a broken man. Sat in the garden banging in the house door.
Lol what does sleep feel like
I think I have hypothermia
My bed has never felt so good
I'm fucking home!!! I'm in the house.
Situation update; still locked out of the house and I have not slept in over 24 hours. Stay tuned for further updates.
Update ; still haven't found a place to stay. Been to a few hotels and theyre fully booked. Just gonna get a maccies breakfast and.see
Nahh I'm so done
Fuck this
I'm not bitter at all
Honest
Oh.It's great being a student and having to sleep in your own back garden
The park is comfortable. Not that I'm happy about it like
No. I actually sleeping rough tonight. This aintv even funny
I've been locked outside my house for 2 hours now and my housemate still hasnt let me in, the cunt. Looks like I'm sleeping rough tonight.
Mofos mateee
When's it loan day? I want more money
My housemate just woke me up to the news that he's seen another mouse. I'm getting sick of this vermin shit now.
Robs still not started his dissertation and it's due two weeks on Monday.
To be honest I don't really care what you're eating today, never mind 2 weeks on a mild Tuesday afternoon. Fuck away with your "meal prep".
"@KateUpton: Do you want to come and play? https://t.co/MVtZ4KlU6G" Nahh
Might become an ordained minister.
Am I a bad person?
Let this be a message to all other intruder mice. Thou shall be fucked up.
We finally caught the mouse! I didn't even know if it was real. But there it is. Dead af.
Doesn't really matter. It's a kids film, I'm bound to love it.
Is big hero 6 any good
I don't know what a whispa gold is, or what one tastes like. However, after looking at the packet, it's the only thing I want in life.
No way is Rob still not awake.
Landlord said he'll give me £100 if I can find someone to take his house. Challenge accepted.
Think my housemate is moody because I tried to wake him up at the awful hour of 1pm. Lazy prick.
"@BaeFeeling: http://t.co/l7ElXhUyZz" I don't even like me now
Traps are set!
This rat trap is gonna snap the fucker in half.
Lady and tramp has made me fear rats for the rest of my existence. Some childhood scarring right there.
But no, my housemate thinks he seen a rat and now I'm fucking terrified. The thought of one in the house makes me feel uneasy.
I'm dominating this SPSS business.
Game of thrones omg
Someone tell me how to use SPSS.
"@TheLadBible: Ed Miliband quoted Skepta last night https://t.co/zfK0vnDuhl" 😂😂😂
You know that feeling, when you finally feel like you're getting your shit together. I wonder what that feels like.
Gonna do a slim shady with my skinhead and dye it bright blonde. Hashtag not so slim shady. Hashtag 21 jump street quote. Hashtag crazy.
"@MedievaIProbs: The squad checking out the talent on a night out like http://t.co/bA7tGePn2S" duke street oldies right now
Why does Heskey think it's acceptable to keep doing snapchat stories with me just because I have a skinhead.
Heskey wants to go to a strip club
Where's decent on duke street.
I'm hoping this roast is brutal. Kevin Hart is killing it from the start 😂😂
Omg I found a link. And it's the uncensored version.
Why can't I find a decent link for the Bieber roast anywhere 😭
Nailed that projectile motion worksheet.
Imagine finding out your girlfriend is on tinder 😂 The poor clueless boy.
One of the waitresses from the show favourited my tweet and I think I love her.
I love watching first dates.
If you find the rain bashing on windows relaxing, then you are a borderline psychotic.
Heskey's been recruited for a holiday. Just need to get this sorted as soon as!
I think a Japanese couple opposite me on the train have got some public dirty talk going on.
What is Suarez doing haha
Wow
I really need to start checking that I have milk before I pour all of my cereal in a bowl.
Czech Republic need to sort me out
Yes Wales!
Apparently 5% students have worked in the sex industry to fund uni fees. Lol the higher education system is fucked.
I need betting advice
Asif haha
It just dawned on me that I've never had to actually cook rice before. I'm in way over my head here.
"@FascinatingVids: Free the seal. http://t.co/4wBX1fEeRb" @JamesFalcous #JusticeForSeals
Considering nobody is in the house, I'm gonna take this time of solitude to put my superhero costume on and revise.
Is anyone still in Leeds
Wow, Asif you're still the retweeting them.
Buy me some very expensive alcohol plz.
Your "fans" must really love you.
So are you just gonna retweet every birthday tweet you get then?
Why am I still in Leeds. Take me home.
Lil Chris is dead?! Damnnnn
There's a girl next to me in the library talking to herself. Do I notify someone?
Shauna ain't even here ffs.
Oh how I can't wait to get my formal warning from Shauna.
Suarez is incredible.
Update on my housemates essay. Deadline is in 12 hours. He still has loads to do and he's over the 5000 count. Hasn't slept since yesterday.
Decided I'm gonna watch she's the man before work.
Coutinho is magical
Nobody in my house will come and watch the football. And I feel that I am not yet at that age where I can proudly go to the pub on my own.
A woman in work told me I look like a convict lastnight. I don't know what to make of that.
Can't wait for this match!
Feel like I should hide all the bottles of bleach in the house. Just for when it finally hits home how helpless he actually is.
My housemate has an essay due for tomorrow, he still has 1500 words to do. I can tell he's dying inside. He's so fucked.
I'm so upset with myself that I opened my cornflakes box upside down.
What am I meant to be seeing here?
My housemate still hasn't started his dissertation. He's so fucked. I want to laugh at him and cry for him at the same time.
Determined its more beneficial for me to watch first dates instead of following this lecture.
No point in even trying to follow this lecture.
#WhatDoesHappinessMean Money. A lot of it.
I'm bald lol.
I did it. Bye bye hair.
Tonight, I shave my head. Lets do it.
Still waiting for the taxi
Soon
HiFiii
