Shaking cause I'm angry. The usual.
Resistance - Muse
I HATE BEING SO ANGRY AT MYSELF ALL THE TIME. I NEED A CHILL PILL.
Ever get so annoyed at Facebook that you just deactivate it for a few hours
Ugh, fucking f e d up!
So.... Hi. http://t.co/XItOHTLfJF
Man I feel like poop
Tonight is the night for some Datsik me thinks.
Cannot wait to pass my driving test and just go everywhere without my parents in the car too
The thought of food makes me want to throw up, especially chicken satay
Oh man I feel sick
Might just go get some juice then go back to bed.
Now I'm scared.
Woke up to my body being in a terrible amount of pain. Shit!!!!
Today with @claireofsummer_ was good
A good day turned to shit pretty quickly
I wish you'd be proud of me. But you're not.
Can't stop listening to Sexism
I really need to get out today, I feel like shit and I will go insane if I stay in. :/
SOMEONE MEET ME TODAY OMG
Someone meet me?
I'm so proud of @BornFrom_ADream
I'm so ew
You damn right know that there was something up and you just plain ignore it half the time. Ugh!
It's the same for dogs, idk how people could hurt them
I love Cats too much, I mean how could someone hurt a precious little fluffy thing
Where the hell did this headache come from? Holy crap I can't even stand up without wanting to sit back down. Fuck
Me + makeup = nah http://t.co/FnUGkEclOe
That really relieved that awful urge.
So 2013 arched eyebrows Caitlin is back. H e l l o
Remember that time in Oldmachar where there was a random dog running about the English huts and everyone was just cuddling it?
Every Monday I feel like shit and idek why
WOW WAY TO GO TWITTER, JUST PUT A LYRIC IN THE WRONG PLACE. DICK.
The damage done is far beyond repair
I've sung my last song today
Tell my baby girl that it's alright
I know, no one said it's fair
And after all this time I thought we'd just grow old
I never meant to hurt the ones who cared
I never ment to leave this world alone
But now, i'm hoping someones there
I never put my faith in up above
Never thought I'd lie in my own blood
Now I find myself in my own blood
Wow, I hate myself.
I push cake into my mouuuuth, it's the only thing that slowly stops the paaaiin
Why is it as soon as I mention the fact that I feel like shit, EVERYONE fucks off.
I'm in such a dubsteppy mood.
So the tables have turned, thanks for ruining my mood completely and now you're wondering why I'm grumpy. Ha!
Just came in the door from being out and had the most judgemental look ever from both of my parents. Well sorry I came out your womb.
Pretty excited for today :D
In a slight strange mood today. Just need to clear up this headache and I think I'll be okay
Why can't I sleep? :(
So I found old tweets from 2012 and now I'm sad.
I hate myself. Bye.
Scratch that - £62
Just spent £34 on wigs...
Would really be nice if I woke up to something cute tomorrow. From anyone, really want something to put a smile on my face :(
Can't sleep. Feel like shit.
Why do people want me to die? What have I done?
Great, mood has plummeted, fuck this. bye.
My eyes look really cool today http://t.co/zGZT7ARgAG
My skin is sooooo seriously fucked, especially my arms and my hands eww
Full Nelson really helps me when I'm in a bad mood. You go Limp Bizkit!
I might just go back to the doctor again, I can't cope with this anymore
I really need to stop getting so angry at everything so quickly.
I've got big ideas for my room
Ugh
I made a @PeripheryBand keyring last year at work and its still awesome http://t.co/8JD7fBdgqR
#ExplainYourUsername

Caitiphery

Cait- part of my nick name. My name is Caitlin
Iphery - basically Periphery.

Haahaa..get it Caitiphery
After you fucked me up 2 years ago, I've never been able to be excited for plans since. All because you constantly cancelled on me. Asshole
I feel so thin today yay
So displeased with everything
Decided to wear make up today ermmm
This coffee is very nice
My 16 locked and loaded, all fear has been aborted, you those words and my weapon is drawn.
I legit cannot enjoy myself without loud music
I want to sing to Avenged but I'm not allowed to be noisey. This sucks.
I seriously can never tell how I feel these days.
I never get myself hyped up about anything anymore, I just don't see the point anymore.
Enjoys myself with some music = gets told to be quiet. Meh.
Yoghurt sounds good right now.
WE ARE THE ONES STILL SWINGIN
I should sleep
YOU SHOULD HAVE KNOWN, THE PRICE OF EVIL!
Glaciers melting in the dead of night and the super stars are sucked into the super massive
OOOOOOHHHHH YOU SET MY SOUL ALIGHT
Suddenly Katy Perry comes on and I stop crying and I'm all smiley and singing. Hahahaha YES
Fuck my forever changing mood ugh
I'm actually sitting here crying cause I can't remember what I've done with my Avenged poster😭
NOTHING SHOCKS YOU LIKE A BULLET HOLE,
LEAVING MY FEAR ON THE DANGER LINE
LEAVING MY FAITH ON THE DANGER LINE
OH MAN AVENGED SEVENFOLD JUST CAME ON SHUFFLE
Can't wait to see my bby @BornFrom_ADream on Monday:D
I feel so sassy when I listen to Adam Lambert.
This though. http://t.co/SAgZn47E5m
He doesn't look a thing like Jesus but he talks like a gentleman, like you'd imagine when you were young
Sup:) http://t.co/eudcytGjEq
Say goodbye, as we dance with the devil tonight
You're 15 and you have a car which you can't drive yet. That is beyond me tbh.
What have I done to my hair http://t.co/GJMYqLQZqJ
As you can probably tell, I'm not in the mood for my parents today, I'm hoping this changes soon.
WHY ARE PARENTS SO DAMN NOSEY?!
"Ow, that came outta my penis!"
http://t.co/hVSpIv1gV7
My mum needs to stop being like - " I don't like them" at every person I mention. It's starting to really get on my nerves
I DO NOT APPRECIATE BEING WOKEN UP BY MU DAD JUMPING ON THE FUCKING BED TO WAKE ME UP. IT IS 9 AM!
I hope my neighbours enjoy my loud music in the mornings.
Cause I know she wants one
I really want my mum to get herself her own car
It feels like yesterday I was 15 turning 16, but no that was two years ago and I'm turning 18 this year. Fuck!!
I feel so old seeing 15 year olds turn 16.
There is a thin line between what is good and what is evil
Love deep conditioning my hair.. mmm so soft
So that's why I don't drink coffee, my insides hurt
Just had the most intense game of Gran Turismo 4 on the Nürburgring circuit with @GregsMedia. How does it feel that I beat your ass?
My timehop keeps crashing. :(
I love drag queens! Honestly they're so great
Finally reversed into my drive in a one shot. 
Note to self: don't let your parents keep moving your side mirrors, you can't see for shit.
I love my grandmas budgies http://t.co/odbUog0ziO
Sleep sounds good.
I keep crying about something that will happen in like 80+ years time. #idiot
Fuck sake I'm so upset and okay tonight.
Fml http://t.co/t48TVTLGXE
Fuck me, I'm a mess tonight.
Okay Caitlin, crying isn't going to get you anywhere.
I'm too confused with my emotions right now. Bed sound good.
I have two Facebooks and no one knows this until now.
