"Thursday afternoon in Aberfoyle and Newton Mearns", I had a lovely day today, why do you make it sound so shit, Google?
I refuse to believe ponchos and capes are fashionable now.
So, aye, Labour hacks can come back when they're progressive, socialist and not a bunch of jingoistic bellends.
Labour Party hacks wibbling on about NATIONALISTS might want to consider this is the message from your lot: https://t.co/NUsgq49Qhe
Still digging Daredevil. Any Netflix subscribers should check it out. Genuinely an excellent series. :-)
But nice try.
Did Ed Miliband say he fought the Tories all his life as though it was some killer blow? Uh. Not during the indyref you didn't, son.
The guy in this article is my local MP. Hopefully not after 7th May. https://t.co/XonhMI4faR
Rose's response to my sarcasm is now a huge raspberry. Haha, I have produced a wideo.
Although what he actually said was they are irreverent, but I'm pretty sure that's not what he meant.
Brilliant. A Scottish Tory calling the Lib Dems irrelevant.
I do like these unterrible days. Lovely afternoon at Aberfoyle with the family. http://t.co/Yby3kOTBP3
Also have A Decent Ride this evening, courtesy of @IrvineWelsh. Yaldi.
Twins harmonising with some laaaaaas.
It's well nineties in this car.

"mega-mega..."
Conspicuous zoomer.
But they aren't and Nick Clegg is a waste of space.
Also, Nick Clegg claiming he'll stop a lurch to extremes? Point 1. The coalition. Point 2. The SNP aren't extreme. I wish they hard left.
Ah well. I used to quite enjoy reading @alexmassie in the Spectator. It appears he has gone full zoomer.
More days should be like this; buzz remained unharshed throughout. :-)
A fine day, owls, sun, seaside, The Beach Boys, a pleasant meal with my favourite peeps and only two crayons eaten. :-)
So Road To Nowhere came on. Am I failing in my Dad duties if I fail to observe we're on the road to Troon?
Reminder of how perfect Marvin Gaye's voice was.
Owls great, on the way to Troon for a wee wander along the coast. :-)
Some of it was "haha, fuck off I'm rich" and the rest just yer maw jokes. Don't get me wrong, I love yer maw jokes, but he's still a wank.
James Blunt (SURPRISE!) opposes the mansion tax. I can't be only one who always thought his, uh, funny comebacks reeked of douchebaggery?
Also blasting summer pop. Good times.
We're off to see owls. :-)
