Can't wait!!!!! #BUZZING
Choice In Enterprise 
Choice In Motoring 
Choice In Tuition (Driving Tuition School) 

These will become the 3 family oriented businesses
Registered all of them with company house, as majority share holder &amp; managing director, but trading will start after exams!!!!
Before I go on holiday this summer after my exams finish, I'm started 3 new businesses in the family. #CIELTD #CIMLTD #CITLTD
Player of the year: Eden Hazard.
Young player of the year: Harry Kane.
There has to be some sort of rule in place which doesn't allow any single player to win both awards, because that's just shit!
PFA Nominations out! Hazard, De Gea, Harry Kane, Coutinho, Sanchez the real contenders for both awards for me.
After 1st year exams at uni, some sort of marketing plan to increase his market share in the Hillingdon area has to be implemented.
Really wish my Dad would stick to budgets I lay out for him. His business could benefit so much!
Luis Suarez. King Luis Suarez
I've got three things listed:
1) Black Gucci Trainers
2) Xbox One &amp; Games
3) My Car
If you don't have the capital to invest, then raise it. It's easy. Make an eBay's sellers account, and ask your parents what you can sell!
Oil will be become a good investment in a few months time. In the sense that oil prices will be going down again, and then back up later.
In comparison Sports Direct would be a bad investment. Expecting their share prices to decrease as Mike Ashley races parliament.
Supermarket stock shares in my opinion would be a good investment this month.
Poundland PLC recorded £1bn sales revenue this year. Very, very impressive given that their volume of sales is identical to their revenue.
Monday Night Raw in London O2 tonight live now on sky sports, clear to see our crowds are by far the greatest! #RAWLondon
Imagine wrestlemainia in London tho?
Sterling's finishing man
There's the goal we needed! Joe Allen the man!
Great show of respect from the Liverpool fans. Always been great like that.
How the fuck does Coutinho dribble like that man?!
Great play from Henderson but what the actual fuck from Sterling.
Need to kill this game. Foot is so badly off the pedal. Said a second goal was key in the second half.
The refs having a shocker though
We need to kill the game off here man
WHY CANT WE FUCKING FINISH THO
Newcastle unlucky there! Forward made a bit too much of it though
That's a pen all the day long
Only a 1 goal lead worries me
Lucas has 99 rated tackling!
His position is wide left and that's where he should always play! Not wing back or as a striker!
Sterling! Liverpool is where you belong son! 1-0
Think it's a 4-3-3 set up with Ibe, sterling &amp; Coutinho all floating positions
Where's Daniel Sturridge?
I always forget the fact that I have a full sleeve tattoo. Guess it still hasn't sank in.
More motivated to work on ideas for CIM LTD.
Not feeling it though!
So much work to get through today. Business Law &amp; Business Management.
Can anyone imagine City finishing outside the top four lol?
Newcastle at home, I'm expecting all three points to apply pressure on City.
Game day today.
This should be everyone's homepage.http://t.co/d8evbyfVud
As a Liverpool fan, I want City to win because of United's remaining fixtures we could still catch them. But I just cbf with Liverpool atm.
Great play! Young is doing bits for united! 2-1
Ashley Young! 1-1 Game on!
David Silva the little genius! Aguero with the finish. 1-0
Nico Rosberg is forever talking shit tho!
My team Mercedes Benz
My boy Lewis Hamilton
I only want one thing from life and that's everything.
Don't even get me started on revision for stats. No idea how I'm even going to attempt that.
Business law is so boring. How are you meant to actually stay awake while trying to revise when there's like a 1000 pages of crap to read?
Too busy not revising you see
Gonna have to log out of all social media
Not watching the FA cup quarter final reply until later tonight.
Too busy not revising
Personally think David Cameron is best man out of the lot to lead this country tbh.
It's not about being rich. It's about being comfortable in life and enjoying doing something 4/5days a week that helps you make a change.
I want to get my degree. Relocate to America and expand my ideas into practical businesses.
Love hearing people's stories on their road to success. Provides the motivation to get there too! #youngbillionaire
Jungle Mainia last night was so sick! #Coronet #London #Jungle #BassBox https://t.co/eEMjzAFa95
Player of the season for me is between Harry Kane and Sanchez. Coutinho has been world class since Christmas. Expect more next season.
Arsenal by far have been my team of the season. Great to watch! Similar to Liverpool last season, if only they weren't hit with injuries.
My Liverpool transfer targets for the summer:
Danny Ings ST
James Milner CM
Cech/M Ryan GK
Ben Gibson CB
Depay FW
Morata ST
Illarramendi CM
Sakho is obviously a long term cb option, but need to add quality here. Skrtel is great, Lovren and Toure not so great.
Flanagan is obviously the long term right back option; but maybe bring someone like Dani Alves in with his experience.
Defence needs rebuilding again. New right back is needed. Moreno is good going forward, but a 2nd LB is needed who's better at defending.
Need another keeper. Mignolet has his moments but we need someone better. Cech is the obvious option if available.
Someone like Danny Ings and maybe another class striker to give us that strength in depth.
Sturridge should be one of the strikers but I think we need to strengthen as 1 striker can't play all 38 games.
Our attack should be built around Sterling/Ibe in the wide positions with Coutinho in behind the main striker.
We need to rebuild in the summer. Emre Can should play in midfield with Henderson and Lallana.
Liverpool should aim to try and finish as high as possible (obviously) 9 points off Arsenal with 7 games left is a massive ask.
Need a striker, midfielders and few decent defenders. Whole team needed really.
Massive rebuilding needed in the summer yet again. Don't believe we're anywhere near good enough yet.
It's so depressing being a Liverpool fan.
But why wasn't that a second yellow
Life line? 14mins left?
3-1
If this goes in, last 15 mins will be interesting
Come back?
Tbh. Top 4 was never ever realistic. This is the weakest team for years man.
Didn't see this coming. What now for Brendan?
On the ropes
Haven't seen us come back from a position like this, this season. Now would be a perfect time to though 😝
Hahah just won £40 calling that
Just like that.. And top four looks to have gone
This is a goal
What now Liverpool?
Poor goal to concede in a period where we have been playing well. Poor goal. Moreno man.
Needs to practise his shooting in preseason. That 22 rated finishing man
Arsenal are gonna make us pay for that watch. You have to take your fucking chances.
What a shit pass man. Markovic. £20m yeah?
Take the shot you asshole!!!!
Stop fucking about for fuck sake
On the ropes already.
What are they doing in defence man
Arsenal look so slick and confident
COME ON LIVERPOOL!!
If we lose, then no top 4.
Football being the way it is has got a sterling winner written all over it
Match day! Come on boys! Need to finish high as possible
But where he goes is completely up to him.
Couldn't agree more with Lineker. It's his career his decision. As a fan of football, I think he's at the best place now.
Get reading those books again and study the markets
About time to start building a portfolio on stocks!
Even the London trends this evening ... Crap!
How did my timeline become so shit?
So Mum's just asked me to make her a Facebook account ...
However with that being said, I think people are making it a bigger deal. The guy just wants to finish the season &amp; assess his position ect
No player is bigger than the club. If we can let Gerrard, Suarez and co leave. Then youngsters with potential ain't gonna hold us for ransom
My opinion on Sterling is simple. If he don't wanna be at the club, then cool. We made him, if u wanna shit where u eat then cool. Move on.
Loved that entrance from Triple H
Luis Suarez Fernando Torres partnership up top! What could have been!
Rooney looks younger today..  http://t.co/o1KsA3JCIV
Neverland last weekend! #bournemouth #uni #neverland https://t.co/xFIHB0YNAo
linkuptv's photo http://t.co/v4nibWF7hL
ynwagram's photo http://t.co/KlHfVRAVdQ
They need to score here Madrid or Barcelona will take it second half
Neymar misses. Ronaldo scores other end. 1-1 game on
8 games left. 5 points behind. Let's try and finish as high as possible. #LFC
Massive top of the table clash this afternoon! Making my debut in goal 😳😳😭😭😭
😔
Business exam at 3 😳😳😳😳
4 points off City in second... If we go on a run here, who knows
Come on build on it now
Henderson 1-0
Lucky!
Need that high intensity shit back
Poor.
All over the place. Need half time to regroup man big time
Henderson man chill
Come on Liverpool!!!
Come on Liverpool!
Important to get two points behind united with them to play at anfield!
Massive three points up for grabs tonight away at Swansea.
#ProductiveMornings
Wake up 09:07
In the car by 09:44
Park by 09:56
In uni by 09:59
@LukeMillerrUK 
#IfUrTalkinAbtMeYouBetterHashtagProblem
Still on an average of 65% (2:1) for the year, 5% of a 1st. But Law is already eying up my anus for penetration on exam day. #SummerSchool
Mercedes Benz F1 placement looks to be slipping away.
Only read the unit guides the day before the exams ...
Work? Work at uni? What fucking work?
Seriously tho, what do we do apart from smoke ridiculous amounts of greens, get ridiculously smashed while getting on it and house music?
The amount of trips I've gone through as a first year student at uni is ridiculous!!!
