What's the panelists favourite song from the 'Frozen' soundtrack? #bbcqt
I'll always maintain that we should have more scientists and engineers in Parliament.
dogs are my favourite but im so allergic
Damn, early Black Eyed Peas were fucking great. It's amazing they went from jazzy rap to 'BOOM BOOM POW'
Only just realized revising with beer is probably counterproductive...
please follow me @MattyBRaps im ur biggest fan
Yes, yes Ed picked his nose. Can we start to focus on the bigger issue here like the future of our country?
Past few months, I've really come to appreciate Taylor Swift. She's amazing.
I love cooking and cooking shows, just wish it didn't have the annoying chefs or contestants
kinda wish I paid more attention in French and taken it as a GCSE or A Level.
I have so many hot oil burns up my arm from my job.
There's so many great YouTube channels, and yet the most popular is a dishonest beauty blogger and a swede that screams at video games.
Celebrity Death Match is coming back. Amazing day for all.
''The business of America is business'' - Great quote by American president Calvin Coolidge.
North Korea has transformed itself from a communist state into a bizarre cult.
drive is literally the best
There isn't a fuckint McDonald's secret menu. Tired of bullshit click bait saying you can get these items.
rebel literally told me to stop breathing
Sick of people saying Nikola Tesla was some kind of god. He wasn't. His ideas were crap and he supported selective breeding of humans.
I fucking love Elvis.
Genuinely despise the Grand National.
I don't get why someone who removed me on Facebook three years ago, because we barely knew each other,  would then add me again...
wish Hollywood would stop shitting out terminator films
(With some exceptions obviously)
I'm not slating all police officers, good majority of them are amazing. It's just I don't support shooting at the first instance.
Recent events have proven that the US police force really needs to reorganise itself. They remind me of Judges from Judge Dredd.
oh fuck off 'lol u need to get out of the friend zone' its so cringey to see this kind of shit. fucking creepy as well.
i love aldi because you can get a fuck load of cheap meat and its basically under a tenner
As much as a nuclear monopoly is needed, I can't help but feel disappointed that we're building a new fleet of nuclear submarines.
Sorry about science related tweets, I  just feel frustrated because US/UK govt basically don't care about the future of mankind.
Imagine if world powers like the US/UK poured more money into science and technology.
I really hope space agencies like NASA get more funding. Space travel is so important.
Call me cynical, but I sometimes think the general elections are more a grab for power, rather then MPs actually wanting to represent people
the scene in interstellar where coopers face drops when he hears that the govt is teaching the apollo landings never happened
im drinking prosecco in bed. ive made it.
Dance Moms is one of the most politically charged programmes currently on Netflix.
i wish i was michelle obama
Not opposed to the idea of it, I just wish 'Je Suis' would be dropped.
Today I made the mistake of trying to have a workout after drinking loads the night before.
the room is spinning
I meant rum
i have drank half the carribbeans annual export of run
yates had passive aggressive bouncers and thirty something men trying to pole dance
rebel wouldn't let me get frozen paper plates :(
im having a quarter life crisis
oh god im twenty
as much as nandos banter is mocked, its still pretty fucking tasty
Whenever there is a televised debate, it pretty much boils down to:
'My leader did the best'.
'No my leader did the best'.

Why bother?
