YOU made us hate ourselves and our culture and now that we've reclaimed it with pride you complain. Tough shit.
Bloke on #BigFatAsianWedding highlighted racism he &amp; my parents British born generation faced growing up. You (Anglo Saxons) bred the racism
Allow these high maintenance Asian weddings tho give me a mad1 in a school hall/recreation centre any day over this #BigFatAsianWedding
when ur lookin at the reduced aisle in tesco metro &amp; the boy u fancied in the year above in school walks by &amp; says hi http://t.co/IiSFt6cRcs
Fucking hippies
How am I supposed to take anyone seriously as a musician when they're not wearing shoes?
I really like tame impala let it happen but every time I see the lead singer perform with no shoes on I'm like no dice
I just got very emotionally watching the new Star Wars film trailer
How can I sit back and sit through question time when piers morgan has a seat on the panel
I think I fancy that butch lesbian that works at my barbers she is like legit handsome
Two days in row trains into and from London are fucked. Allow
All I hear when I close my eyes at night now  https://t.co/gbOt2VD68V
Gah to venture into London for a night out alone or stay at home?
cannot wait for the new hot chip and roisin murphy albums to drop
Wait I'm confused is Bruce Jenner legit trans?
walking into your janazah like http://t.co/RYGopP9SDp
I hope when I'm in Bham next week paradise circus is still there so I can see it one last time
some1 please get me a field day weekend ticket and i can repay you back in any way you want just not actual currency
why aren't more people goin mad for roisin murphys new track tho because it bangs so hard i cant even cope
suns out meaning your all spamming Instagram with dull pictures
omfg there is a rupauls drag race emoji board 😩😩😩😩😩
Freds (my mate) dad is gonna interview kunti Hopkins on radio 4 in a bit. Prayin to Allah he demolishes her
swear down nothing beats the @virginmedia customer service
I need to think of a jokes name for POC in UKIP ...
White people why do you kiss your dogs ffs?
I feel like edge is like legit the last decent indie club left in England?
UK BLUDCLART PARTY
Marianne Faithfull summer nights. Always. Forever.
Life would be so much easier if I could draw
If only http://t.co/N2QfZx5mqm
Fuckkkk that Roisin Murphy exploitation track is so BIG
some1 come ldn with me thurs nite
AS IF THERE IS A KIND OF SABRINA THE TEENAGE WITCH THAT 70S SHOW CROSSOVER
Every time Kim Cantrell does a scouse accent I melt
The lead singer of the drums &amp; his husband are the perfect couple &amp; everytime he uploads a pic on Instagram  I just know I'm dying alone
Evan Davis is such a bhenchod I swear down I can't believe nick clegg isn't parr'in him off right now
Can't wait to see how rough all you 'she is old as fuck and gross' people look when your 55. Answer it won't be great.
Did drake get raped by Madonna? Because you all seem to be a acting that way
Islam is the worlds fastest growing religion because ... http://t.co/fRMsEgRc6b
Love that this is the first thing you see coming out of Luton train station http://t.co/xI3rOwwnMb
Figured if I'm moving soon gotta learn to cook so just bought one of those Jack Monroe cook books. Feel like I'll be a domestic god soon tbh
It's not like those ancient Assyrian sites in Iraq lasted centuries under Muslim rule...
Ah my fave place in the world the diskery in Birmingham was just on the news and now I just wanna jump on a train and head up
As if the black cap is closing now to the only decent thing to do in the hell hole that is Camden. Now it really is the dullest place in ldn
I've never related to her more than this year http://t.co/BYhut4BA7C
'You seem very Indian not Pakistani' http://t.co/0dmJG7Ur3N
last night was really fun https://t.co/xDsLDYYCRg
That Hilary Clinton video is really good.
Henry Hopper is the new man of my dreams. I'll just ignore that statutory rape claim for now.
WHY AM I WATCHING THIS FILM ON A SUNDAY EVENING WHEN IM ALWAYS SO LONELY
Just started watching restless and Henry Hopper is like properly perfect http://t.co/lnNpsQjVjX
add me on snapchat to see me lose my mind on a Sunday: seekingsaf
All my friends have moved into their own places now and not even one has invited me round for a Mexican feast how rude
How many people do u think are gonna fume about the 'all 4' advert with the hypothetical royal wedding from the future with kissing princes?
I would do anything for a burrito but I won't do that.
Will give head 4 a burrito
can someone please take me to go eat Mexican good tonight
Next time I visit Birmingham this probs won't be there and it hurts my heart http://t.co/SVHlm6c0Db
I think being diagnosed with a life threatening illness is still funnier than the Big Bang theory.
Don't wanna be that guy but don't forget to register to vote online innit. Take like 2 minutes. No lie
Might just go for the latter.
Save money to move to Manchester or go into hmv tomorrow and buy every Simpsons season on boxset?
I LOVE LUTON  https://t.co/kfYTkBHwzu
Even Romeo  the middle gay kid is cute like they haven't even had surgeries yet it isn't fair
kmt how is Brooklyn Beckham like 15 and is more handsome and manly looking than me? What is my life?
Coachella looks like new look and boohoo took a shit in the desert.
Tbh @intheedgeluton is actually our studio 54
Everyone just broke out into dance out side edge. Luton park street aka downtown New York circa 1979
Fave moment from last night was every one thrown out the club and standing on the street then a taxi playing chic freak out loud
Ending your night with a happy meal is probs what coming home to a significant other feels like?
I can drop Michelle Williams say yes in the club right?
2NITE ME &amp; @stronglook B2B BANGERZ ALL NITE AT@intheedgeluton BE THERE OR ELSE RISK HAVING A WHACK NITE http://t.co/O5cdK553ca
Beyoncé &amp; Jay Z at the louvre posing with the Mona Lisa https://t.co/dWWUdPivvb
All these documentaries about canals. I'm in heaven.
Every time I listen to it don't falter I just transport to being 8/9 and playing out in the sun in Birmingham so perfectly
been listening to mint royale ft @laurenlaverne all week pretending its summer so weird how like a song/sound can transport you back in time
Manchester folk are you cool? Do you know cool people? Cool people with spare rooms as part of a house share? Let me know if u fit this bill
Think I'm probs gonna have a bit of a break down if it gets cold and rains on Sunday
I mean I just real don't know how I feel about that Madonna jimmy fallon performance really.
Gonna just start using Anglo Saxon as a derogative term now tbh
just gonna sit and watch these aziz ansari specials on netflix on repeat untill life starts making sense again
Debbie Harry - French Kissing In The USA
FFS why do the boys I like never text me back what have I done to deserve this? I'm a nice person kmt. Mostly
This Green Party election broadcast is so sick y'kno whoever thought of it best get a raise
i need that brazilian wavy 28 inch
Some1 come with me to London Sunday for the James Blake thing please
When you put down ref info on your cv for that rude stylist you worked for &amp; you just know if they call her up she won't even remember you 😒
Better believe I'm gonna drop Paris Hilton nothing in this world in the cloob on Saturday night
FUCK OFF https://t.co/l9cMqxfUnr
YO nerds I want all those new emojis but I don't want to download the latest iOS is there a way around this?
The perils of being a brown boy and trying to get even eyebrows that don't make you look like a total poof
