"Who put this shit on??" I think I need to calm down sometimes.
https://t.co/wt2LKMLuLt hahahahahahah #MadMen
Don't hate the player, hate the game #WorstAdviceYouEverReceived

Naw, just hate everything.
Peggy laughing and smiling cuts through me like the amount of tears of Chinese children that made the jumper I'm wearing.
Pumping a waitress, on her break, in an alley. Why am I not Don Draper?
Forgot how much I hate Peggy. She's turned into a female version of Don, a man she purports to hate. Standard women hypocrisy #MadMen
To be fair, sherbet is a good offer if you leave. Mon noo.
It's like he's trolling us, mentioning he has another year on his contract. I'll happily pay your financial losses with dibdabs, you whore.
Wrote that thing about Adebayor before seeing his tweets. I loved you even when you were shit and I'm glad you're happy but please fuck off.
Been one of those days that everyone is feeling down. I think I've just been stoned for 3 days, 1 day my fault, the rest second hand.
Adebayor on instagram, always going on about God. He's proof that God doesn't exist. Worthless, no justice.
https://t.co/oIhYbmnEH0 Wu Tang gave it to her with no trivia, raw like cocaine, straight from Bolivia. @frankieboyle
This cat is doing my nut in.
Do I watch the first four episodes of season 5 of Game of Thrones??? Just means I have to wait another month for another one.
Lorde is one them girls that looks different everytime you see her. Imagine being with her. Be an absolute nightmare. Bloody gamble.
I've often wondered if you can troll someone so hard that they kill themselves.
Personally, I think "All the small things" is overrated.I mean if a girl left me "roses by the stair" I'd be like fuck you doing, ya mad cow
Out my tree
"Hey, man, we just did the Sullivan show." is a quote I live my life by these days. Hopefully I don't die at 27 like Jim Morrison tho.
She wanted to phone me too. It's like who gave you my number cos it wasn't me.
It's half 3 in the morning and some girl I ken is showing me pictures of her in her various bras. What am I fucking 12?
The majority of men are gutless, lying, faggots. They dictate themselves in accordance what women purport to want.
The majority of cunts are posers especially woman. You'll only like what I like if you want my knob in you.
I don't even know where my horses finished. Just glad none of them fell and Balthazar King is alright.
Our best player is Danny Rose. Our best player...
FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKING HELL GET A FUCKING GRIP OF THIS!!!!
What's happened to the wee man!! Mon noo Eriksen! Fire into this mob
Maybe we'll start fucking playing now, eh lads. Fazzers and Vlad are fucking nonsense bombscares!!!
away you go a fucking fuck wank!!!!!!!
Montrose???? I give up today.
Blackpool? hahaha what you all about???
Saturday. SEN SEN SEN
I wouldn't buy anyone (even if I had kids) a Spurs top. I fucking hate them as much as I love them @looking4manda @RealPaigeWWE
#playingkerbywitharagingravytunnel
Watching Emmerdale with my sister. I feel sorry for her. I have a tendency to ask lots of questions about things I know nothing about.
My coupon for the weekend is so "thought about" that I'll only win £30 odd bar if I win.
Completely unprofessional from Chris Copeland but the motherfucker doesn't deserve to be knifed. #Pacers
He's just circling me like some sort of car shark. What's this guys problem???
Cats are quite creepy in the dark. Especially when they insist on just staring at you. You sinister fiend!
I'm always amazed as to why the Miami Heat still follow me. It's like a hateful respect to all the times I've slagged them or something.
http://t.co/NaeDQTEzAJ I always loved sociology. This explains why.
Incase of jealousy, women. I was talking about my guitar. How I've missed touching it.
https://t.co/Al4ZeXj8xp This guy is the shit. A few more days and I'll have my hands on you again. Babbbbby
If I ever went on Geordie Shore, not sure who would more mind fucked; The Pow or them nutters.
Buzzing!!
I think there's someone I know that watches Criminal Minds. Tis a really good f'ing show.
Don't think I've been this happy/excited for the future in at least 5 years. Great feeling. All I needed to do was to get over myself.
Northampton are cunts. £65 on a 6 fold. Priicks
SNP wanting a coalition with Labour? I'd rather have a job and eat, than have my food set to minimum prices and have fuck all. CUNTS
The leader of the Green Party sounds Australian. The criminals have emigrated back and seem to be members of Green Peace.
Listen son, your maw was a roaster. She only wore knickers to keep her ankles warm #StillGame
"Cracking woman. Bit of a gab shite, but generally lovely." #StillGame
Super flyweight boxing. They are always fighting for something to eat. #Ethopians
Pumped #Murray
Djoko is on a pure rager!!
Mon noo #Murray
That game was worse than Ebola.
This is the life of a woman with demons
The first time we met I was sure she was steaming
This is my life, this is my life
What a life.
Hard to come and easy go, this is the life I know.
Please don't sexuality violate me. That happens to me too much.
I'm amazed at this cat.
"You're not Rangers anymore" #LiesEveryoneTells GIRFUY!! 54 titles, we still carried on.
Bolt hen. First Friday off in months, I'm getting a bottle. If I see you, I see you.
I've always wanted a cat to play hide and seek with... http://t.co/vnkPbuCnKK
I've always wanted my own guard dog... http://t.co/dUHLkoYQiY
Not being an ignorant bastard if I don't talk to you. I've always been a I'll talk to you, when you talk to me type person. I have a life.
Just ate three bowls of cereal, little known fact -  I love cereal.
Watching Jeremy Kyle with the fam and Gordon goes "Ohh she's dodgy... She has a dodgy mouth" hahahahah
"She is going to reach inside your throat and play jump rope with your fallopian tube" @TheRock Best statement ever
The things I would do to Lana...
Got to love that guy with that sign "Nikki, I'll give you babies!" Well played, sir. #WrestleMania
Have they drunk any of that mountain dew? #WrestleMania
DAMN
This guy is Stings run in @WrestleTalk_TV #WrestleMania http://t.co/uoDr0njTXS
Even Sting is like wtf was that?
Holy shit. That's different.
Triple H gets a loading screen of San Francisco. Tommy Wiseau should sue. #TheRoom #WrestleMania
I was expecting some other awesome entrance for Sting. Maybe descending from the clouds with Jesus, Muhammad and Buddha. #WrestleMania
Mr Fuji on drums #WrestleMania
If Rollins cashes in tonight, it would look stupid as fuck as that was a gloried squash match.
Luke Harper to do 450 splash off two ladders on top of each other to kill Stardust. Calling it. @looking4manda @MD_Kirk77
LL Cool J "Momma says knock you out" WHAT'S WITH THIS PISH!
Aloe Blacc, is that the same guy that song "I need a dollar"? Awesome
Booooooooooo
hahahahhahahaha
