No juice in the flat why??
I am honestly the most horrible person in the morning.
Need to start doing some pieces for my exhibition soon.
I'm 21 there's no excuse.
I need to learn how to drive this year.
The grand national is a piece of shit.
People who slag off iPhones clearly underestimate the power of 1%
Great day though 🌞
I tried to take some nice photos of the water at kirkcaldy beach and I don't think there's any such thing.
Little black ball of cuteness.
I just had a nap with my kitten and I feel so good right now.
It's at least 25 minutes in this weather, what a trek.
It's a saturday and pouring of rain but @FernieHeafy is still walking to work, appreciate this man so much :-)
DEADLINES ARE STRESSFUL
College starts in six hours.. I may as well stay up tbh.
Going to get so much junk food at b&amp;ms.
It's raining though so it's not all bad ☔️
I need to do housework, go to my mums and do stuff for college today WAT HAPPENED TO SUNDAY??
Mosquitos have killed over half the people that have ever lived on the planet wow.
FRENCH TOAST YO.
People go to jail for having a plant SO FUCKED.
One woman kept shooting her husbands, the husbands went to the police and there was lack of evidence for an arrest.. wot?
Watching deadly women and fucksake these people.
Just bought very out of date maltesers ew.
I watch waaay too many serial killer documentaries.
KITTENS ARE UPSTAIRS OMG.
and now the police are here holyshit.
oh someone's gotten into a fight outside.
I look like the sickest person, so feeble in my wee dressing goon.
I feel so ill :-(
❄️❄️❄️
If they stopped smoking they'd probably have more money anyway.. stupid people.
'Pregnant woman are more likely to quit smoking if given financial incentive' maybe the fact they're pregnant?
So many beautiful pieces, every arty person needs to watch this show.
TWO EPISODES OF PORTRAIT ARTIST OF THE YEAR AAHHH.
ooh might prestige tonight.
Tails keeps bringing us his toy to play with him, cutest cat ever.
Night in with dominos and episodes👽 http://t.co/0hCeugbqmy
MY ALARM@WAS SET TO PM FUCK.
I had to block the McPoyle brothers on facebook, complete morons.
I got sucked into a status on facebook and now I'm arguing with a small minded knob.
baby elephants are pretty cool.
I made a baby elephant for my emblem in cod and everyone just seen it on killcam hahaha oh well.
'Claire come on or I'm calling your mum' game over claire :-(
There's a guy outside arguing with his mrs to get into a taxi but she just wants to 'party more' hahaha aw.
Every time I go for a shower tails waits outside for me, just guarding the door yo.
Almost blew over today, don't go outside little ones.
yey mentoring session went great :-)
sexy.
I need to wear about 1783482 layers to stay warm nowadays.
Someone doesn't want me working on my sketchbook today. http://t.co/5KpsMh1JjR
We just seen a woman pick up dog poop outside, it's almost 4am and she doesn't have a dog..
Someone please donate £1000 and make this possible.
One day I really want to get a girl sphynx and call her sticks, her and tails would be best friends and aw this needs to happen.
I need to force myself to get up at a reasonable time later so I can hack getting the 8 o'clock bus on wednesday.
I love the rain, especially on a lazy sunday.
I need to get into a normal sleeping pattern soon:/
I need to shower to get to the bank before it closes but cod..
I just slept for 10 hours and I don't regret a thing.
why can't we all be like peter pan? hang out in animal onesies and never have responsibilities.
I can't believe that in afew months one of my best friends will be living in a different time zone, growing up sucks.
I'm still awake whyyy am I still awake?
holycrap our rubbish bags have been blown half way up the highstreet uh oh.
I feel so awkward oh god.
It's 7 o'clock and Cobainy and I are still watching scrubs..
Happy new year everyone! make 2015 your year :D
Tails is just following me around purring, such a cutie ^o^
I went to work 3 hours early today fs.
#xboxone is back up and running yeyy!
he's the one.
LEWIS BOUGHT ME UNITY FOR CHRISTMAS OMFG.
Steak pie and potatoes, best wifey.
#AHSFREAKSHOW mascara all down my face, y u do this?
Lewis just bought me four yum yums, happiest person atm.
Tim Burton and Helena Bonham Carter were my favourite couple, fuck.
what do you call a frape equivalent on xbox? because that just happened and it could've been hella awkward.
hurry up 2 o'clock.
👽✌️
the bouncer next door came up and climbed out our window, nae bor.
Aiwendil is my spirit animal.
AHS have a really bad habit of killing everyone you care about but make it impossible not to watch.
OMG just seen the advert for next weeks AHS what are they going to do? D:
Working at the weekend is the worst thing.
HOLLA at ya boi
there was illustrations involved.
successfully explaining eddy griffons theory of the pyramids to a drunk joe tonight is probably my biggest accomplishment to date.
need to buy the shadow of mordor season pass when I get paid, so much dlc.
snarky puuuups.
Addicted to shadow of mordor atm 0.0 need to brand everyone..
I'm so drunk fuck sake.
'17 kids and counting' holyshitballs.
I need to start going to bed earlier.
hate being alone in the flat feel so paranoid.
We ordered £76 worth of dominos tonight hahaha wot.
GTA online fo
Someone come on holiday with me and leave everything behind for afew days pls.
Absolutely soaked and I don't have time to go home before I go to work:/ kill me now.
on the bus without earphones 💀🔫
TODAY
zombie tomorrow👌
Why am I still awake? I'm up in five hours fs.
A productive day and chinese food:-)
It's too early and my bed is so comfy why :-(
working today, a midnight launch and tomorrow morning aaah kill me.
