Love Jackass
Words cannot describe my excitement for Star Wars!!!!!!!
#C3PO
Its like a current bandwagon and the majority clearly do not understand feminism
Why does every lassie think she is a feminist all of a sudden
Yawn
Really cba with this essay
You gotta pay the troll toll to get in that little boys hole. You gotta pay the troll toll to get in #TrollToll #TheNightmanCometh
Forever liking my own Instagram pictures to look more popular
Happy Birthday to my favourite actress @Maisie_Williams #Bae
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. Asks the real questions!! http://t.co/5do05xZFOR
Their glaring lack of knowledge but willingness to discuss it aloud offends me
Ugh. People in the libary discussing Game of Thrones. Jon Snow comes to mind because they know nothing
https://t.co/vbusMlfjhw I love GRRM
Hahahahahaha. Watching an interview with GRRM and he is asked when will we see the new book and he casually replies "When its done" #Lad
Looking forward to hearing the bear and the maiden fair
Orchestra music is the only music when doing coursework
Sitting listening to all the houses from GoT soundtracks. Liking Baratheon the most right now!
Actually does annoy me though. So many people type it as John.
Nothing worse than people that call Jon Snow, John. Its JON NOT JOHN. READ THE FUCKING BOOKS. FUCK!
I have way too much fun reading GoT fan theories!!
The season 4 final scene in GoT is easily the best final scene they have had so far!!
So last nights Game of Thrones was amazing!!! First scene made me so happy! Buzzing for the next episode
Hello sleep deprevation. If youd kindly fuck off so i can spend the next 3 hiurs watching Game of Thrones xoxo
#WinterIsComing
Game of Thrones soon!!! #TheNightIsDarkAndFullOfTerror
I am gonna just dissapear off twitter and facebook for 4 weeks now ae. Show is moving away from/passing the books so it actually is spoilers
If you spoil GoT from the leak I actually do hope you die a fuckimg brutal and grim death. Hope you get fucking flayed!!
So apparently my brother had some of season 5 of GoT ruined on twitter already. Why are people such cunts
GAME OF THROOOOONES
Dont normally judge people but if you play quidditch you seriously need to re-evaluate your fucking life.
Valar Morghulis
Cant believe some wankers leaked the first 5 episodes of GoT season 5. Why. Id rather just watch it normally and have nothing spoiled
And who are you, the proud lord said, 
that I must bow so low?
Gonna spend today watching season 4 in preperation for tonight #ValarMorghulis #ValarDohaeris… https://t.co/2KXY6XU874
Hate when folk steal my chat and try to pass it off as theres. At least gimmie credit for my top notch patter ae
Game of Thrones is actually my life. Buzzing for tomorrow!!
My dad uploaded this on fb today &amp; all I wanted to do is call him a sweet summer child &amp; tell him Winter Is Coming http://t.co/7PBfdQ8sUU
If you walk about with your hands down your trousers constantly you honestly deserve a kick in the face
Nice weather = going walks instead of uni work
Fuck knows how Renly was gay. Surely Natalie Dormer can turn a gay man straight. Shes a 10/10
Imma miss it in a couple years :'(
Best show! Best book series! And best cast! All of whom seem dead genuine and hilarious when you watch them do interviews and panels
My love for @GameOfThrones is very high like. Dunno if I could love a human as much I love GoT!!
#TheNightIsDarkAndFullOfTerror
Just read the new Alayne chapter put up from ASOFAI: TWoW. Such a good chapter. She has so easily became one of my favourite characters
Legit though, why sign up as a main character &amp; give a big speech about how much it means to you. If it meant that much youd see it out lol
Hmmm. So Nina Dobrev is leaving TVD.... Awk well, hated Elena anyways!! Dunno why she'd leave a show thats gonna wrap up in a couple years
Game of Thrones season one complete. Season two begins tomorrow!!
Had such a good day today though! Explored Edinburgh a bit more myself on like a 4 hour walk then chilled at the meadows with the uni folks!
So excited #6Days
Sadly i shall not venture outside for a while today. Got some more Game of Thrones to watch today!!
Actually thought she was trying to take the piss ae. I was like why would a 12 year old have to look 25? Thats only for booze and fags hen
Still find it funny that one of the workers in Asda tried to argue with me that you have to look 25 to buy a 12. Fucking idiots man
Binge watching @GameOfThrones is honestly my favourite thing to do! Cannot wait for next week #WinterIsComing
Infact scratch that last tweet. Imagine writing a book and having a big POV character then just killing him off so easily #ASOFAI
Imagine signing a big actor to play one of your main characters and be the poster boy for season 1 of your tv show. Oh wait #EddardStark
I like how everyone goes on about Dany and Khal Drogo being an amazing couple and stuff. Everyone forgets he raped her at the start...
Not even ashamed to say I cried at Fast And Furious 7. Done Paul justice with the end. Was perfect!! #RIPPaulWalker
We r teh chempieens..... of teh wuuuuuurld
Not all those who wander are lost
Wish team Dany would fuck off though ae. Rather see Young Griff on the throne ae.
For me personally, I wanna see if Littlefinger or Varys will end up on top! They are easily the biggest players!!
Allayne Stone this season though buzzing! 
Im so in the Game of Thrones mood and will be for the next couple months
And apparently a main character is being killed off but they are still alive in the books :(
So buzzing especially due to the fact they have all came out and said this season is gonna be the best and most shocking
As soon as I get my own place I shall be decking it out with GoT replica weapons and shit!!
Despite knowing Oberyns fate prior, i didnt expect it to be so graphic still
Really looking forward to more characters being portrayed in GoT from the books. Guys like Oberyn were played so well!
Someone on my bus smells of piss. Its just the worst
I put more effort into @GameOfThrones research than I do for my actual university degree!!
You know its @GameOfThrones time when you spend all day looking at fan theory and watching tv clips and doing background reading
Also the guy that plays Jamie hinted towards The Griffs for book readers so hoping thats what he meant
Really dont see this Tyrion is a Targareyn theory playing out but it does explain dragon dreams! I really wanna know who the 3 are
Really upset coldhands will never be in GoT. Really cool part that they shouldnt have left out
So buzzed for Halo 5 to come out #HUNTtheTRUTH
Such a good end to this season of The Walking Dead!!
First year in a very long time that I couldnt give a fuck about Wrestlemania! WWE has gone so far downhill the past year
Just want Hardline for online so im sorted haha
The only bad things ive seen reviewed about Hardline is the campaign which is good for me. I hated B4 campagin. Only game ive skipped story
The guy infront of me on this bus smells like he hasnt showered in about 4 years
Throwback to Sports Ball #CharliesAngels #SportsBall #Sweg #420BlazeIt https://t.co/ZY0xR4oGaI
Happy Birthday m8. Hope you get played your favourite song, All The Small Things! @leighwatson97 http://t.co/lgCrwyXpit
Fucking 1 Direction fans are hands down the scumiest fandom on the planet. Hope they all just fuck off ae!!
Fuck me like. 150 people die in a plane crash and folk are tweeting and crying like their whole family died vut about Zayn leaving 1D
Was trying to text my mum and for some reason was writing it as a tweet and not a text. That couldve been embarrassing
