Well done livi!!  Let's keep sevco down in the championship!!
Can we dream!!  Go killie!!
Go livi!!  Fuck sake go killie!!
Cmon Killie!!
Alex Neill has done a brilliant job at Norwich!!  If they go up he will be the only Scottish manager in the premiership!!  Good luck Alex!!
I wish radio Scotland would get non old firm players on!!  Mark Wilson is so green!!  Switching off!!
Looks like the spfl are helping sevco get an advantage on the last day of the season!!  Both games should be played at the same time!!
Can Kilmarnock do a st Johnstone??  COYR!!
Best man on the pitch in Madrid game is the ref!!  A hard job made for him by the players but well done him!!
Watching Madrid derby!!  How difficult are the players making it for the ref!!  It's a disgrace!!
Cmon county!!  Let's keep motherwell down there!!
Well done the 200 Ross County fans that have made the trip to paisley!!
How hard do top footballers make it for the refs!!
Well done Cammy Smith!!
Good luck to Jordan Speith in 3rd round off the Masters!!
Too many superstars in man City team!!  Real team spirit in palace side!!
Pellagrini looks like a man who is next for the sack!!
If I lived in London which will probably never happen I would follow Crystal palace!!  Fans different class!!
Maybe need to take that back!!  Wow!!
Charlie Adam!!  Premiership player!!  Don't think so!!
Can St Mirren hold out???  Pissed off with radio Scotland with all the tims on the radio!!!
Watching stv!! Three clowns who are argueing with themselves!!  Is that our future??
So silly from Vincent company!!  Well done Mr clattenburg!!
Pitch a disgrace at Burton!!
Well done the u20s dons another win COYR!!
How lucky is macarthy for Ireland??
Great interview with wee Strachan!!  The wee mans a legend!!  Gibraltar given a lot of credit deservedly!!
Don't do politics normally but we have a couple of clowns running our country!!
Top players get paid a fortune but they still can't take a simple thing like a corner!!  How hard can it be??
Robertson doing brilliant at Hull!!  Great assist!!
Well done Steven Gerrard!!  Taking responsibility for his stamp!!
Jeff Stelling is a legend!!
Spandu ballet!!  Classic 80s!!
When was the last time there wasn't an English team in the last 8 of the champions league??
Messi different class!!  Man City chasing shadows!!  Massive squad with massive wage bill but city not good enough!!
Hopefully lots of sevco fans backed there team the night at 1/4!!! Lots of giro money lost!!  COYR!!
To be fair!!  Alloa are the biggest team in Alloa!!  Ha Ha!!  COYR!!
The mighty sevco holding out for a point against alloa!!  The stage is set for chopra to come on and score the winner!!!
Well done Andrew Driver for scoring winner for u21s up at Ross County!!  COYR!!
I'm not a boxing fan but what a great interview with sugar ray Leonard on Scotland tonight!!
Celtic and Scotland Caption!!  Great role model!!!!!!
I wonder which street in Edinburgh Scott Brown is going to be sleeping in and trying to find his mouth in tonight??
I wonder if mccoist and macdowell will come on and help the hampden groundsman at HT??
Pellagrini and Poyet  looking for jobs on Monday!!
Well done burnley!!  There wage bill for the year is less than a couple of man City players for a week!!
Fuck off Costa!!  Well done PSG!!  Brilliant!!
What a header!!  Cmon PSG!!
What a bunch of over paid cheating wimps on the pitch at Stamford Bridge!!  Whats the game coming too!!  No wonder the officials are poor!!
It's all kicking off at Stamford Bridge!!  Officials having a nightmare!!  The Dutch version of Willie collum!!
Cmon Shalke!!
Great decision from oliver!!  When are these over paid players going to stay on there feet!!  Let's stamp out cheating!!
What did sanchez cost??  A fraction of what di Mario did and I think by far a better player!!
Di Maria cost 60 odd million!!  What a waste of money!!  What has the football world come too!!  Madness!!!
How poor are the officials at Tannadice!!  Incredible!!
Let's all laugh at sevco let's all laugh at sevco!!  They reckon it will take a couple of years to get back to the top. More like decades!!
The mighty sevco can't break down the mighty Beth defence!!  Maybe Dave king will come on in the second half and score the winner!!  Ha ha!
Cmon deca!!! This might be your break!!! COYR!!
GMS says that they are going to win the treble!!  I hope they dont and has he forgotten he used to play for a poor team from Dundee!!
Making it hard for you bob!!
Tweet me back if you think we can still win the league!!!
Can they do it??????
Cmon the saints!!  Do something we couldn't do!!
Watching man u game!!  Disgusted by two players spitting at each other!!  Disgrace!!  Hopefully will be banned for it!!
The great Dave Mackay RIP!!
Hopefully all the dons fans have made there way home safely and let's go again because there is still a lot to play for!!  I hope you agree
Man City are 5 points behind Chelsea!!  The dons are 6 points behind Celtic!!  Which team has the SMALLEST budget??
Hopefully ref will be better tmw at parkhead than the one at old Trafford today!! Refs so bad at the moment!!!
The only surprising thing about the footie today is that hearts haven't scored in the last 5 mins!!
