I'm trying so hard to be happy but it's just not working.
Love how much shit I get for not drinking. Fuck off.
Going to have to get under the car again tomorrow. More work to be done. Sick.
My "I'm feeling shit and still have hopes of feeling better" jam http://t.co/wn114zUJPD
Feel so shitty. Everything sucks.
"Tell me why you're scared?" I wish I fucking knew
Let me be the last thing you forget
Really don't appreciate this whole glamorisation of drug use lately
Someone with a limited edition corsa said my car was shit.... I'll respect your opinion when you have a real car. Cunt.
The fact that someone would care and you don't would be something to be proud of really
Being told you're too opinionated should be a compliment
Besides the fact it's very rare that I bet anyway
Just because I work for a betting company dosnt mean I have insider tips. I know as much as you
"I clean my car all the time" sure you do dad. Iron out dosnt lie.. http://t.co/0K9Uu6nwNb
Tropical outside today! Can't wait to finish work!!!!!
Really tired work is killing me off
The windows at work are tinted so I can't tell if it's sunny or not
I've been at my new job since January and I've been promoted. So good to not be in a dead end job anymore
Shorts were a terrible idea
People need to stop with the fast 7 spoilers
I've already been at work for 3 hours 7 to go 😫
You got the weekend off? No but I get paid double timev
Oh hey you got a corsa.... Just like every other basic fuck. Fuck off.
Yep went the gym ruined myself same again tomorrow
Finally finding motivation to go to the gym again, given that I drive past it on my way home from work I really should stop skipping
Season 7 mcm too happy
Man banana milkshake is the bomb
Laying in bed watching deep blue sea eating my weight in potato chips. I hate my life
If you start a sentence with "I'm not racist but" I am going to walk away I don't want to hear your shitv
Like work and that lame crap
I wish i didn't have to do grown up shit.
My thumb has been hurting all day what in the world
Trying to think of an excuse not to go back to work...
I hope you're miserable.
Chest has gone tight and I've left my inhaler in my car fuck life
Now all I can think about is my favourite movie soundtrack.... Probably drive.... Maybe.... I don't know
I'm going to drive around listening to only the soundtrack from top gun.
Fucking fuck! Been subconded fuck
So many iPhone photographers thinking they've got "the shot" of the eclipse fuck off.
I slept through the eclipse so I wasn't tired for work. I'm dedicated
But it's gonna drink fuel so much when it's done 😫 the struggle!
Having a cool car is so expensive but way worth it. Fast and practical &amp; low n' slow.
But now I need to decide if I want to run twin weber carbs or bike carbs. Twin weber is way less common but more complicated to do.....
For top notch I'm looking £4100 for okay £3600.
I've gotta be up for work at 9 and I'm still watching adventure time and working out modification costs for my car fs
2016 👊 http://t.co/SrZ5iRTG7n
So yeah my mate just messaged me at 2am to tell me he just ran over a fox. Why make me sad. Poor fox man
Why panic those that are too stupid to realise it's just bullshit
Yep solar eclipse signifies the end of the world. All because some pastor said so. I'm sure...
I'm super worn out
Looked alright http://t.co/DMmJ0jfz7c
Someone care to explain why there is baited drum lines and shark nets in the Great Barrier Reef? Isn't that supposed to be protected?
Kills me how touch screen technology 10 years ago was some advanced shit now it's mundane as hell!
Look a little too aggressive here though http://t.co/CviGou0u1J
But so did this and I'm quite pleased how the photos came out http://t.co/ys3zgYv5mZ
Yeah this happened... http://t.co/P2zdg8IeYj
Kfc have burritos....
What's the obsession with lupos
Show stopper from todayv http://t.co/TEcYMdehxC
Show stopper from todayv http://t.co/e8mCmeEMO3
Scares the life out of me when people go over speed bumps quickly. Like what are you doing seriously
Lost in Telford walking around aimlessly fml
Love getting tattoos hate healing tattoos!
Why does being a grown up have to be so hard
Hydraulic suspension...... Haven't seen that in a polo yet
But 180bhp is on the cards with that. I can afford the fuel....
Just wait for the new engine 12mpg here I come 😐
"You should buy a cheaper car to run" I should but I won't because I like my car and I'm willing to spend more money for that
This playlist 👌 http://t.co/rIAdtkTaF3
I find girls that are into cars way too attractive
You know I want you more when you're out of town.
Next build.... http://t.co/IowkbhCGum
I just remembered its Cheltenham week. Fuck! Work is gonna suck tomorrow
A lot of my friends still can't get over it
The whole people being stunned when you tell them you don't drink is wearing thin now. Just accept it.
So,... Alexisonfire at Leeds....
38 days until record store day. Too excited.
I still remember my big brother playing me biggie records when I was a kid.  R.I.P
Don't lower your car it's impossible to find on a car park
I swear I'll own a b3 one day http://t.co/GJ5iMPSnwz
I'm at work in less than 7 hours and I can't fucking sleep
£990 for coilovers..... Tempting
But I wouldn't have it any other way
"Yeah my cars finished being modified now" bullshit! Never finished just constant changes and too much money!
Alexisonfire have posted a thing with a date, what does this mean....
You're smoking and call me out on drinking an energy drink cause they're unhealthy. Just jump off a bridge
Reason 6537904 why my brother is amazing: he just sent me shed loads of beard oil, beard soap, balm, moustache wax and a new bears comb
Isn't it time that everyone grew up, realised everyone is equal. People's decisions and lifestyle are not decided by race.
How have we as a society not moved forward, how is there still racist political parties, people that shame other races?
I still can't understand how people are still racist, like young people... People that should know better.
And my mates an apprentice tattooist so he just likes to put random shit on me
Got this lined today because millhouse is cooler than me http://t.co/YS2f64dqtO
New tyres going on hopefully won't eat the arches
I'm sorry that I don't find getting drunk fun. Waste of money, hangovers suck, can't stand not being in control.
I try to get an early night and I just can't sleep
It's a laying in bed listening to Bon iver vinyl' on repeat night
Nothing happens for a reason your life sucks because you let it. http://t.co/KeMAfsLPu3
Someone pointed out how I walk today.... Never felt so awkward
Maddona has better muscles than me....
"Why do you sit in your car on your lunch?" So I don't have to listen to your bullshit whilst I'm on my break
Scrubbing abit but looks good http://t.co/nl817JNs3J
Got some new shoes on my baby tonight
Can't sleep gotta be up at 7 but at least I just taxed my car
Everyone please fuck off with this fucking dress
Struggling to stay awake
Although these late starts are great
My beds too comfy to want to leave for work though.
Please do carry on telling me how much you love sonic youth having only listened to one song
After 4 days off I really don't want to go to work today
Every Tuesday I get a lizard related photo from my brother.... This weeks instalment http://t.co/DHwHM9sEsS
Still in love with kelly kapowski
I just saw something about a company funded by Santander destroying the rainforest. If this true then fuck Santander.
Everyone is having kids what the fuck is this
Waiting for gta to load is what I imagine dying feels like
Just what I want, screaming children and shouting parents whilst I eat
I hate missing People
I really loved that 180second long snapchat story of you getting "white girl wasted" fucking wow.
Too warm at work I think I'm melting
Followed a peach a mk1 golf on the way to work this morning.
I've had moose blood stuck in my head all day damn their catchy songs
Someone save me from work today
I cleaned up a wheel looks so much better http://t.co/EXX5Huo5I8
"Why don't you like doctors?" "I don't like explaining it" "that is just stupid" no you prick it's just personal fuck you
Wasted a couple hours of my life watching grave encounters 2. Why can't horror movies be good
Saw so many of my dream cars today. Was so cool. This being the main one http://t.co/xjhN682dFe
Why would I get a girlfriend when I can build a drift/daily Volvo....
It's a shame. True love don't know my name.
I just don't like it and you know those hangovers you hate. I don't see a point in that
Oh you don't drink? Why?
I might have a candle lit wank or something
Clean polos http://t.co/60caezVZ5J
I've never had a girlfriend so excuse me for not understanding the hype around Valentine's Day
Okay.... I've just finished the final series of futurama... Need more things to watch
Ah you got engaged on Valentine's Day? You fucking cliche
I have an opinion you didn't like? That's great. How about you get back to your life of getting pissed and snorting mkat and fuck off
Shit band vocalists a creep
Oh hey heart in hand broke up.... And I'm over it.
Booty is life
Good to hear shug knight is finally getting locked up! After the things he's done and been associated with surprised he's not dead
Hyper view is amazing
Valentine's Day plans: clean my car with Matty.... Great
I mean just look at em http://t.co/UjosH3lZyW
I would actually do anything for a pet fox.
I get 4 days off work and a cold too. Ruined it
Why do all the wheels I like have to be too big for my car someone find me nice 15" wheels
I learned a lot about being a friend when I was alone
The fuck is with pissed people calling me tonight! If you're pissed I don't want to talk to you
To the guy that just tried to skid his bmw and spun out. You're a dick my mum can drift better
I'm actually looking into getting a pet fox. Not cheap but I think I can live with it
I got a tattoo yesterday http://t.co/LP83WKT38y
Finally find some wheels I like aaaaaaand they're too big for my car. Fuck
Anyone wanna shave my bay and widen my arches
Someone drive to wörthersee with me next year please
I think I'm still in love with Kelly kapowski
Wish I could stay up for the Super Bowl but work :(
It shouldn't be aloud to be up this early on an weekend
This is some badass stitch work http://t.co/xdQOiZWaKU
What the fuck is a menist? Men aren't fighting for equal rights why don't you invest your time supporting those that are
For the first time ever my bands putting loads of thought into what we're doing and why we're doing it this is new
If you haven't tried smart water try that shit. It's pure. So pure I can't even think of a witty analogy
Says the guy that's never had a girlfriend though.
I'm sorry but if your relationship can be affected by your snapchat best friends then it's clearly not that stable and you should let go
Anyone else hate neck deep?
It is pretty hard to be positive all the time
Sometimes talking about your problems is the best way to solve them or at least feel better about them.
That last post was a lie I don't even have a cat
"Valentine's Day is coming up, you got plans" "yeah man romantic date with my cat"
