I have to wait till Saturday for anything good again. Except annoying @kathritawilson on the daily.
Cutest little shits.
One of my rats just made a squeak and before I could even turn round to see what was up, my cat was at the cage licking her through the bars
So full. Going to watch stand up all night till I just pass the fuck out or get bored and smash the fuck out of people on mortal kombat.
"@ChrisJohnMilly: I adore my girlfriend.

What an absolute princess." Thanks bae
"@tr0picallum: Coachella vs Leeds fest http://t.co/1yiRptYwPt" Leeds still looks better.
I just watched a blind dude... who was blindfolded... in the dark... see without his eyes. No sound, air or anything else. Nut.
Need to get my ass a charger. Totally fucked this one.
I got sent the best picture last night. It's still melting me
I am too happy to watch this year go by.
Had a crazy dream that I went to Canada and @kathritawilson and I just got married.
Got snapchat? Then entertain me please. Got a long night ahead of me. #Snapchat http://t.co/xrswelfFAV
Falling asleep early and waking up at daft times sucks. Netflixs it is then.
So my body is aching, shivering and pretty much fucked. Put me in the bin.
Awwww the love. http://t.co/GLTIoGqiF6
Stomach is in bits again. Need to cut out spicy food I think. FUCK.
"Sloppy kisses, dirty wishes. Baby this is living"
Just ripped up my kitchen tiles and took down a wall. Manly shit is done. I write this as I pee sitting down.
Bloody hell. Sunday treat just about killed me. Wow.
My room is either freezing or boiling. It can't just be nice.
Is it acceptable to wear a prada satchel with a stone island jacket?
Got shed loads of shite to do tomorrow.
Always best to have friends that are there for you no matter what.
Nearly fingered my ass while wiping. Today Is not good.
Kat dennings is fucking fantastic. Jesus christ.
So just smoked @KiDCammY at pool 7/3. #stayawayfromtheblackball
Hoi @sazwids make your mate caitlin be my bird. Cheers. Thanks.
Two choices. Either I walk to tesco and feel happy and satisfied or I don't face mother nature and moan about it... hmm...
Just woke up after like 2 hours sleep. Wide awake. What the fuck.
The only things missing from the ultimate party package. McDonald's and poppers.
My stomach is also killing me. Fuck knows what's up with it. Hope I don't spew chunks.
Hungry as fuck... can't be arsed moving though... Worst.
Fastlane tonight though. Fuck aye.
Sooooo hungry. Had a belter of a dinner in Stonehaven but really need some food right now. Someone be sound?
Billy Joel.  Vienna. Fucking belter.
Would love have everything this dude did on his own. I fucking loved his solo stuff for the time it was around.
Just found an email from the man @MikeArches from a while ago when he sent me what I think is one of the best songs ever. Chills.
Girls are actual baws.
Fucking love dolph, ryback and rowan. Cool as dudes.
Cows should keep there mouths shut and out my fucking business.
Want to get mashed like this night again. http://t.co/mGahwPQAe9
Bored out my chops. Anyone fancy doing anything today or tonight?
Still got a sore lower back after Friday. Need a fucking massage.
Love watching big country. They still kill it and still look as happy hell playing for everyone. Best vibes.
In Wakefield working and my docs are not the best for standing around for long periods of time.
My feet are fucking sare.
Paid tomorrow with hopefully a full week of things to do.
But on the plus side I had a belter of a weekend. Friday had a belter of a highlight... Jesus.
Tired. Sore stomach. Hungry. Good night though and I hope @brogsxx_ has a great birthday night out. Deserves it.
Belter of a night last night. Now to sleep till this party tonight.
Finding out your fags have been smoked and are in the bin first thing is the worst feeling. Checking the pack on top to find one left is rad
Couldn't clear my chest infection or cough. Hit some bongs last night and it's broken up and I feel relieved of the pain for it...
I don't care what team he plays for, Drogba will always be king.
Not feeling the best today. Roasting to touch but I feel freezing. Total bogus. Going to sit with the hairdryer on me to try and warm up.
Just finished all the mythbusters on Netflix... what on earth do I do now? Help me out suckas.
Very excited for tomorrow.
I am one hundred percent falling more and more in love with amber rose each day.
When an ex blocks you on all social media yet acts all nice to your mum when she sees her and that asking if I am well. Get bent.
Liars fuck me off. Worst humans.
What a fucking bellend of a girl. Get fucked.
I fucking love tommy Lee jones and frank Di nero in the family. :)
I am drunk as hell. Wtf.
Drunk as hell watching raw. Fuck mitch. http://t.co/qndTRFnVpI
One in the morning and I am trying to pump chicks on dragon age. Pretty sure I am 100% a catch. Why am I single?
If anyone could give me anything to do that would be grand. In the mean time chat or snapchat me to give me entertainment. Sc: the_wolves
Windows wide, fan on and my radiator is off. What is this witchcraft making my room feel like the sahara desert.
Mythbusters is life. So are my rats who are entertaining me while I boil in my own room.
If anyone wants to hang this weekend then hit me up. Staying in as town is shite.
Just got really sick and panicky again. Fuck sake.
Dreams about an ex waking you to then have a panic attack.  Best way to wake up. Now I feel boggin.
Should be a fun year.
I seen the world's best put down last night. Flawless work.
Chris porter is a fucking hero.
Just stood on a plug and then kicked a chair while trying to navigate my hall in the dark. All for a shite.
Gta for a little while. @KiDCammY should stop being lazy and come hammer destiny with me.
Destroyed. My head is well and truly destroyed. I can see this getting a whole lot darker for me soon.
Worthless piece of shit.
So @drdre has made the most money in music history this year. 3bn. Actually fucking insane. He should give me a mill for Xmas.
Ill as fuck and lost a load of respect for some people I genuinely thought were big straight up with me. Fuck it. Going to shower for days.
I hate being a spurs fan.
I have mangled my wrist sleeping. Great.
I am not in the mood to get up today at all. Someone drag me out.
Full as fuck. Ohhh god.
O2 are fucking terrible.
