Just because I wear makeup and put my hair in pigtails doesn't mean I can't batter you in a 1v1 :)
Ur accent makes me a bit uncomfortable
The children's hair accessory section in asda is my favourite thing
How would I have turned out if Internet didn't exist in my life
"aaron why do u have a paper rules above ur bed" so I can prove ugly boys that they r lying about their dick size DUH!
And i dont mean like refer to me as female like i meant as in like non - binary pronouns
- I promise I'm not i just really am not comfortable with it atm thank you
- In time nd please respect that nd im really sorry if this maybe comes across as like internetty trendy or like im trying to be cool but -
Id just kinda appreciate if if people didn't refer to with male pronouns atm like im sorry I just not comfortable with it at this moment -
Arene mackewan ur relationship goals
WHY IS THIS ME AF http://t.co/DstbwPbzYn
Being a cancer/leo cusp is cool i can choose the horoscope which Is nicer xx
Don't mean to objectify but :) he's mine :)
conservative 4 the win x
I want this so I can hardcore feel my oats whilst feeling like maleficent at the same time http://t.co/rOuDsXjmgg
http://t.co/JxXPMgWLY9
When someone takes the last naan bread :@ http://t.co/3MKtbk98pu
Meeting tomorrow to determine whether I am a college student still or not lol
ah the feels when people would rather stand up on the bus than sit next to you :)
ah when you start receding at 16 years old
me and olivia are going to slay these btec makeup bitches tbh????
ask me questions xxx http://t.co/BWX2DxMWlL
kaltes klares wasser
Mum!! http://t.co/oo22agmoXA
Do ur shit http://t.co/BGyNgGBlzS
:)(: https://t.co/pdkNBipSku
Dying my hair tonight yaas get rid of these roots
Can't wait to move out of my house and hopefully find a different place to live lmao i wanna get away
Shut up...
Why should I respect someone who literally tuts when I go to speak to them lmao??? Smh
Im unstanning http://t.co/qbkFlKNLq0
? Gende r?
Tfw chloe gets goosebumps to a nicki minaj verse
Someone take me in for a night this weekend???  Please
gossip gossip nigga just stop it x
Bubble tea babe
I wish i had a YouTube personality i want to make youtube videos
Idk I just think ariana grande is dead cute nd lovely nd funny imo
you really wanna know how I got it like that? CAUSE I GOT A CUTE FACE AND A BOOTY SO FAT
Shea Coulee actually slays so hard
why do i even watch raja and ravens fashion photo ruview they're so annoying and stupid like this week their top toot was kennedy??? ok
Slay K. Rowling
Gna produce tears until I fall asleep good night
Do i even see myself as male lmao like i literally forget I'm a male? But i dont see myself as female? What am I
Apparently my career goal of being a makeup artist is unrealistic and won't happen because I'm a male lmao
Anyone have any good products that I can use for contour to recommend??? Wanna try different things
Get out of my house http://t.co/8qVxftuLwI
I want people to snapchat give me ur snapchats or add me (yuckaaron)
Chat with dad is over l0l
Not some ugly crackles lmao
Also IMO music sounds shitter on vinyl like I'd rather hear the beats and the background effects nd feel it properly
Vinyls are so pointless???  Why would you spend so much money on something that you can get for £20 cheaper in a different form
"what a fucking faggot" ah the compliments of kingsthorpe x
Dad wants to have a 'man to man talk' with me im scared
me and my boo @naomicampbae on our way to get some dollar at the club http://t.co/WLbxsyTp0P
This is my favourite gif ever http://t.co/nwsowVEugl
Kate Bush means so much to me
I'll put him on the wedding list, I'll get him and i will not miss
#wcw @drennge @stepup4daklcatz @missfielding101 @nowavves @emocrumpet @pearliaison
I watched the first seasons of both and it's just like ok....where is the entertainment
game of thrones and breaking bad are such massive hypes but i just dont get them?? Like they don't interest me at all
It's so warm and nice and pretty outside aw it's a shame I dont have friends and don't get invited anywhere :)
Everyone seems to be getting in relationships in 2015????
when u relate to one of ur favourite songs finally
i'd love him til the very end, but instead he is just a friend, i wish he was my boyfriend
i dont really like u but i like u on the inside!
burn burn, burn my heart baby. take a piece, yeah i don't need all of it.
remember when peace did 1998 in birmingham. that was some special shit
when someone shades u real good and u dont know how to reply http://t.co/QNeo33Uvbi
and having mathu anderson beating your face. being tucked continuously for a month, or being one of the american apparel ad girlsssss
capezio pantyhose without any runs, feeling my oats when I'm out with gia gunn, queens with old school names like NICOLE PAIGE BROOKS
trixie had to die for pearl to open up and come out of her shell and now trixie is coming back to slay the competition...jesus realness
I think about you by Patti labelle just makes me so emo because yara Sofia
have a sad cum baby
ah rags kate is seeing charli xcx again
posting a picture of me in makeup on facebook 4 all my extended family 2 see x
olly alexander is an angel sent from above
i need to get back on track with my medication
IM GONNA LOVE U TONITE. GONNA LICK ON UR TRIGGA. EVERY INCH WILL MAKE U QUIVA.
he's not a wham bam thank you mam he's a thriller
THIS IS SO FUNNY http://t.co/I49j2neYeL
i hope the queen that comes back to the competition is trixie like i really do, please dont bring the queen back who went last night
My heart has stopped  https://t.co/T19YNqIHaw
I thought I had bedroom eyes http://t.co/KtcbBBKKR7
slovenian blueberry vodka. thank u for saving my night
2am couldnt come any sooner
all the boys say "she's so bloody tall"
I want to make a twitter squad of the fiercest bitches
Anyway. It is my slogan now dnt sue me for copyright
Did i make GENDERFUCK(ING BITCH) up or did I read it somewhere and it just stayed in my mind and made me think i thought of it
Being forced back to college to complete a course that makes me want to literally kill myself.
Im going to have a shower nd use my new lush shower jelly if u Don't make me feel good im sueing
(fuck boys i dont need a man but this song is a banger)
DEAR SANTA BRING ME A MAN I NEED A MAAAAAAAN
Am i allowed to listen to this even though it's not christmas http://t.co/H4IEHL31Kp
Follow my private @yuckazza for my ugly thoughts
Im giving him something he can feel
How do I feel about the recent uproar in teen gays starting 'drag'
Dont even know how to cheer myself up, nothin makes me happy
I havent been this down in ages. I can't even have a fucking fag
One time alex cabre said that he sees himself as v good looking and that I am ugly and that I look like a sloth :/
No offence but i was the first one 2 have beef with alex cabre i am the original respect me please
I cant fucking take this anymore
n im not one of those gays who pretend to love her just cause she has big tits and is a surgery addict
amanda lepora is my fucking idol  u dont understand
im gonna love u tonight. im gonna start with ur heart, im gonna tear u apart.
gonna lick on ur trigger EVERY INCH WILL MAKE U QUIVER
this song is a banger nd raja looks so hot https://t.co/gVO7VhGG9Q
ah peak when i wont be 18 in time for adore delano's UK tour :)
have you ever hated someone so much that u just think of them and u just literally get so angry lmao
hate being poor
skeen tbh
Why do i not get invited to anything in northampton lmao
message me if ur awake!!
my drag name is everything
Im glad I being entertainment to ur lives
I find it funny how your little clan hate me, but don't have anything to talk about apart from me.
without me, u would have nothing to talk about.
http://t.co/eu0qCzBG9N
today i got voted most likely to win big brother out of my friends x
keep going bby boi two can play that game x
X uptown funk u up X
http://t.co/FSvu5m0TkW
not having college or school or work to go to is actually really boring and depressing
if porcelain is on season 8 of drag race, i will legit die
what happened to ebola
