So not sure what happened but I think @Skepta  @djlogansama  @JmeBBK  and @Shortybbk  just killed it....oh and @Preditah made it
But no I'm being typically British and gonna passive aggressively tweet whilst smiling sympathetically at the bitch mum
Sat in quiet zone. Feel like being a dick and reporting it. Or slipping it some valium.
Reason #45753 I don't want kids. Taking kids on trains/planes. Srsly this one baby has been SCREAMING for over an hour. Gonna be sick.
Then Rantz wants to go camping. Dunno why sober people wanna go camping. Absolutely minging.
Manchester tomorreh for Tropical! Can I get a whoop whoop?
I can't ask someone their name a month after they told me....
Been txting this guy for about a month and meeting him tonight. Trouble is I saved him as tinchy coz he's short. How do I find out his name?
23 degreesssss whooop whoop http://t.co/WCtIZWWsuW
When did the Unic get so hot?!
So bloated :(
Ed Sheeran seems like such a genuinely nice geezer.
#FeedEmToTheLions just purchased! Strange that I want Solo45 to be spitting on me like in the video
https://t.co/uFV3FJqZ6N &lt;3
So date last night gave a $5 note to a homeless person...then realised he needed it so went and asked for it back!!! Mortified and dumped
When you got the yams...
It's a Frank kinda day....allow me to be Frank
I look like a yeti.
Wtf is with all these memes of deep sentiments next to a pic of a minion? Swear minions canne talk
PAH just laughed out a bit of wee at Big Narsties RnB send...man is toooo funny
Cab driver was a revert jamaican muslim...spent whole journey preaching and gave me a book...so I gave him some of me rosaries
Easyjet have given me a card for 4 euros 50 for my inconvenience, for a "light snack" how much is air coz I canne get fuck all else
So rediscovered ameretto. Tastes alright but gonna stink and mummy gonna lose her shit. "If they smell booze you won't get on the plane"
Double ya money try to get rich
Slright tho coz I bought bulk pack of Rosaries I got blessed by the pope. Gonna try sell em as souvenirs while I wait http://t.co/fHmOyERNOX
Urgh plane delayed and I'm stuck in the worst airport since Kabul...WHY NO GIN BAR ROMA???
Been away from the news but just seen the Walter Scott video. Yh the cops getting charged wit muder but it shouldn't have happened.
When you get caught doing something naughty http://t.co/ioMzOKaMX7
I said London is loads better than Rome and I might as well have said "I'm gonna kill your mum" with the response I got.
Really dislike my brothers housemates. One girl woke me up this morning singing let it go. Gonna leave a shit in the microwave.
Feel like someone is tickling my lungs
Being ill and not being in your own bed/house/city/country is not the one.
Urgh think I'm getting a chest infection :(
Just microwaved a bowl of chocolate buttons. It was disgusting.
Had to have a butchers to see if I recognised any @LottieAW http://t.co/KrwrhHL4W2
4 middle class white people asking questions to 7 middle class white people is NOT representative #leadersdebate
Nick cleggs neck looks like a pum #leadersdebate
Julie Etchingham looks like she has weird pointy feet. Flesh coloured shoes #leadersdebate
Did farrage say all immigrants have HIV? #leadersdebate
Is Cameron saying he cured cancer? #leadersdebate
ED MILIBAND STOP STARING INTO MY SOUL
NICK CLEGG YOU HAVE SUPPORTED HIM FOR THE PAST 5 YEARS SO YOU HAVE NO LEG TO STAND ON! YOU HAVE TO WORK WITH HIM TOMORROW
How can Nick Clegg cuss David Cameron after he stabbed everyone in the back to be his bitch 5 years ago!! #LeadersDebate
So @idriselba  played a wicked set. Haven't danced like that since last areobics
I'm gon make you lose your mind up in herrrre
Hey! Dirty, baby I got ya money
Waaay too dressed up for the star. People in ugly jumpers staring like I'm covered in dog shit.
I know he's a tit but Kanye is hilarious in the touch the sky video
I need pie and mash so bad rn
Went too fan-girl over @djlogansama last night, whole body aches from cringing, but wicked night.
bang bang boob boom pop pop
The main reason I gave @EstherRantzen69 for not moving to Manny was there's no grime scene, grime is London. Then @TheBugzyMalone bust up
How do they even test that shit anyway? 2 men standing there holding down the button til they both empty in sync?
IDC what they say, compressed deodorant, does not last as long.
Mood http://t.co/cSVFZz5YwA
So happy rn http://t.co/IdWvTfFsao
HOW FAR BACK THROUGH MY TWEETS ARE YOU GOING YOU PERVERT @EstherRantzen69
Just want this week to fast forward to 7.30 pm Sunday when I'll be on a plane to warmer climes
I wanna be on a shit 18-30s holiday somewhere shit, drink vodka on balcony and sing this really loud https://t.co/8R6qs4W7ik
I have actually just seen a weave blowing down the street...hold on to your hair ladies-it's windy outside!
Funny how all the boobs on #FreeTheNipple are all v perky. If me and @EstherRantzen69 were to do it #LockAwayYourNipplesForever would happen
Think the people have heard of your plight @EstherRantzen69 #FreeTheNipple maybe you should crowd fund
Busy, busy bee this week
Haven't done weights since Christmas and really struggled today. Long soak in tub needed.
That's what I call 90 is out?! I am SO old
90's, American, low budget TV series are the one.
Where's the dirty emojis you can get? Sick of people turning up armed with aubergine
JLo is sooooooo hot
"Right I'll give you a subject and a well known song and you have to change the words to that subject...alopecia and home and away"
Omg, the ice cream vans theme tune song thing is Benny Hill...I can't
Watching Paddington. Such a cute film. I wanna be a nice, clean member of the Brown family, instead of dirty, nasty me.
Spent all yesterday cooking healthy meals that I could have today whilst hungover, first thing I did upon waking was order dominos...
Been trying to nap for over 3 hours. Should just give up and get ready. If you see a fat tampon asleep at the bar...it's me.
I put hoes in NY into DKNY Miami, DC prefer Versace
If you're depressed you can't function. This man was psychotic.
The media is fucked. Had it been a black or brown pilot there would have been many more headlines. Because he was white, he was depressed.
Reaaaallly want a few glasses of wine but can't trust myself to not be a minging hanging mess tomorrow
People who go fishing for compliments by posting "acts of kindness" which any decent person would do get right on my F's.
Nurse was v Matron-y. Found myself apologising for bright coloured socks, tongue piercing and being allergic to cats.
http://t.co/qSLh5TgXJD
1st smear test tomorrow. Can't believe my rebound will be a brush.
You know when someone cuss you, and u think of a good comeback a week later? @TheBugzyMalone don't have that prob #RelegationRiddem
WHERE CAN I BUY WALKERS CHEESY MIX UPS?!
EVEN IN MA WILL KEEP IT TRILL TIL THE DAY I PEEL
Need to stop eating cheese. The mons is getting bigger. Can almost balance a champagne glass on it. Reverse kimmy k.
Dads dickhead cat just bought in what he thought was a leaf til he picked it up and it hopped out his hands! Was a bloody frog!!!
Mood http://t.co/wIPl98NW4e
I do not trust people who smoke mayfair
Actually not lucky, blessed.
I am sooooo lucky...about to get a bit luckier I reckon!
Pahahahaha
Tit wank skank
Why don't the parents of kids going Syria go and get them? If I saw my mum coming down the mountains I would be on that plane quick af
Ah man! Neil Fox? DJ Foxy? I met him 3 times when I was in school, he never tried it once, no idea why... http://t.co/UrStijDY3v
Mum just said "what so you've been so drunk you don't remember anything? !" Like I'd told her I had a cock or something
Prince Edward gave up his throne to marry Wallis Simpson and I can't get a guy to leave the toilet seat down smh.
Getting teary reading princess di quotes. Definitely hungover.
Sooo disappointing when a book is amazing and the film version sucks
Have been pranking Rantz for 2 days now...can't wait for shit to hit tomorrow when she sees what I've done to her office #PhoneGoingOff
Only 2 things make me sick...gin and the sodding pendalino. Will they make a train to Manchester which doesn't feel like ur in a dishwasher?
Me and Rantz are going speed dating tomorrow night. Can't believe she paid the amount she did so we can be publicly parred.
I eat so much garlic I can smell it when I wee! Haven't been I'll for a while though...
Rather than giving black cards to famous people why don't nandos give it to homeless then they get the money from the celebs and feed hungry
http://t.co/xuT9wcXJhL
Now I just think they've been kidnapped and captures are reading them out coz the worst torture is they can't reply to me...
I wonder how many relationships have been ruined due to whatsapps blue ticks. I prefer to think the reason for no reply is death.
Round round get around I GET AROUND
https://t.co/z9h2TrfcPm
If you don't like something then change it. Don't moan if you're not gonna do anything.
Chips laugh is terrifying.
Some girls go from boyfriend to boyfriend with about a week break...the mind boggles. Insecurities at its worst.
Dropped my phone on the floor, whilst sober as Rantz and the screen now looks like a kiladascope :-(
That's it. Monday I am getting a large xanex prescription. Can't handle another "day" in darkness.
http://t.co/wd0LzX1Ret
Seeing mick hucknall in my latte...please. I. Just. Need. Sleep.
Slim Shady; hotter than a pair of twin babies
The amount I just spent to get a train to bristol could have got me flights somewhere hot
Been awake since 2. Today is gonna be disgusting.
Turn left up the street nothing but grey concrete and dead beats
No energy :-( someone please carry me to the gym and then move my arms and legs for me. I need a puppet master.
So much love for what people have achieved through perpetual persistence #Grime #BRITAwards
Loyalty is the greatest attribute a person can offer.
Rain on my window &lt;3
I made baba ganoush for the first, and last time today. It looks and tastes like puke, but it took me an hour so I will eat every last lump.
WHOOP WHOOP IT'S THE SOUND OF NEPALESE
Stormzys mum though &lt;3
Do roads even have gutters anymore?
Fuck the high road...I'd crawl in the gutter if it made me feel better
lol just got proper parred
Gym not open for another hour...SO BORED I just wanna live somewhere that is happening 24/7
IDGAF
Possibly love Joanna Lumley more than my mum.
If I still watched Eastenders I would have stopped by now. So over hyped.
Now face is all fetus-y but, bit concerned as to who's placenta I had on my face. Think I'd feel better if I met them in person.
But did just have the best facial ever...placenta face mask yum yum
Procastinatiiiiiing
