Why does god keep taking the people I love away from me..
Staring at my phone jus waiting for it to call
I've kissed 4 girls in my whole life
Mandem forever telling me stop fucking with girls they will jus slow you down I wasn't tryna listen but boy I should have
"@badgalames: mrs steal ya man" loooool
"@Jnessa_k: Omfg, I really don't know what I did... http://t.co/5n4b3olMk7" loooooooooooooool
Out of everything ive done im on the run for something I didn't even do fuck sake
Got nigga's doing time in the jail don't worry that time won't stop
Shit it was my sister's birthday yesterday
"@LiibanMakail: When you hear people screaming "lovelyyyyy" and "I ain't tryna hear that" in mk just know it's me" lol are you serious
Tickets for wireless was slyly a waste of money
Then you won't get to know me will you
Buttt if I don't like you
When you get to know me
Im actually a nice person
If you have feelings for some one why would you hide it?
Smoking all my stress away
Hoes be playing games I don't like that
Told your taliano bitch ciao bellá
Real soon get your four head buss
These op niggas tried to ride on us
"@OfficialMizzle: #picstitch R.I.P To My Fallen Soilders Gone But Never Forgotten💔❤️🙏🙌 http://t.co/zXc38nYK8P"
Free my bro @Sweetz_AOR
When ever I listen to @JHusMusic i get to gassed..
Im the type of boy your mummy warned you about
Sc is so shit
They are fucking phsyco loooool
But the worst girls to date
Mixed race girls most attractive girls going
From time your olders are getting fucked up do you young one's still want to be involved in the beef loooool (mk man)..
Cause the same man that I shared nuin but love for are the same man that hate me
I can't lie more times I get pissed of but certain times it don't phase me
They don't feel my pain I see my old school dons &amp; I don't feel the same and thats crazyv
I know a couple people I wish I never had met
Fell out with couple people that ill never forget
Thinking about If I get a bird who would keep it real
Madting
People i use to look up to back in the day i chase them down the road now
Girls are fucking crazy
Big rambo leave your chest wide open
Turn to many girls hood loooool
Are you real tho cause girls blag men I see my old ting fucking with my mandem
Its the money that get's all my attention
capone has started a new career with Concord Rangers! #newstarsoccer
The streets won't love you like you love them ill tell you now..
When times get hard I speak to the heavens
Knowing I got court coming up hurt my belly
"@badgalames: i'm only a twitter hoe, in person i'm a goodgirl 😇"
Looking for me? Cmon man im not hard to find stop it
Jumped out the whip with rolly on pinky on an every phone ringing offffffffffff
Ladies go and ladies come man I cpuld never fuck my boys girl let alone his baby mum
Girls claim boys are bad but really girls are just as bad probably even worse loool
Talking to a boy when he's got a girlfriend is jus loose loool
Knowing I got court coming up makes my bell hurt
One thing I never did and that's love a bitch I only love my click
Road life action the doe's my passion my phone light flashing Them cold nights trapping
"@SashaPaidaa: Nah flirting with Mandem from the same squad is just not on. If you know they're boys.Cut." take her innnnn shit...
Lord know's I got the buffest girl but she tryna move funny
Love it when she call me Mr Capone
Fuck my mans girl that girl give's dead top
Why do my parent's buy me easter eggs like im a child
My ex's got a man and she stil texting me
"@TheRealDimzy: @SJHill674 http://t.co/PlecnFdkfm" my nigga
Now fellows think they bad to lool
Them bad breed girls smh.
