Thank god, or I'd be bored out my tits
Night shift isn't so bad when you have fruit gums and Game of Thrones
Regret signing myself up for night shift tonight and tomorrow
I have such a travel bug, but not enough to fund it #oneday
🍻 http://t.co/nlxB3rrCZA
Such a good day though #safari http://t.co/2UE5T4eI0C
Had a lion basically sit on the bonnet of the car at the safari park. Safe to say I was shitting myself 😬
So excited for the safari park! Haven't been since I was about 10 🐯
Don't remember this photo being taken last night, sign of a good night I guess though http://t.co/H5rN2ZZVq9
Grand National time!
And I'm pretty sure I'm still half drunk too
Feeling rough is an understatement this morning l
Tried a hot cross bun for the first time tonight and I'll admit, it lives up to the hype
Such a nice day for a walk around the Royal Botanic Gardens 🌲 http://t.co/bhEODbmArN
Perfect evening tonight for a walk along the beach 🌅 http://t.co/2UDyDGK3vv
Beautiful outside and the first day of this year that it's actually warm, and I'm trapped in work. Happy Easter 😒
Love the view from my bedroom on sunny evenings like tonight http://t.co/XdiJkUDqGl
It's great to be able to wander down from my flat, hop on a bus and be in town within 10 minutes. I've missed this
Could not be happier with my new flat http://t.co/2Q2IWO4cZv
Will never get bored of this city. Edinburgh is beautiful
I can tell already I'm going to spend all my retirement years gardening
Hopefully moving into my new flat in town on Friday ought to change that though 😏
I can't even remember the last time I had a night out in Hive. This is not ok
Private landlords are definitely the way forward, letting agencies have been nothing but hassle for the last 2 weeks
Finally found a flat and put a deposit down, thank god
My sleeping pattern is out the window
UnfollowerStats : 0 new followers and 3 unfollowers via http://t.co/R9hbqhTjWK
Sheesh, to get a job on night shift I think you have to have "I am a cunt" written on your CV. Cheer up and stop moaning
"What's your name called?" Eh, excuse me?
Night shift is complete though, could not be more excited for my bed
Phone died at work so I resorted to buying a bit of paper with the news on it. Think it's called a newspaper, havent bought one in some time
Not really sure what I'm supposed to eat for my break at this time so I've opted for croissants and milkshake
It's true, all the fruit loops seem to come shop at this time. Had a guy runnin about filming himself on a selfie stick, laughing away alone
Only just over 3 hours left of being called Carol though I guess
The energy juice come down is real
Status report: fuck night shift, I want my bed
Stop it, my name is Karl #pethate
Also, stuck with a guy that keeps calling me Carol
Just under three hours into night shift and I've almost finished a litre of energy juice. Gona crash hard soon
Here we go with a 9 hour night shift. Woo fucking hoo
Can't wait to apply to the police later this year
Easier said than done when I'm feeling tired already
My plan to survive tomorrow's night shift is to stay awake as long as possible tonight, then sleep in as late as possible
Large Disaronno on ice is perfect after work
Also, where the fuck is Top Gear tonight? Reinstate Clarkson already. Give back the only good thing the BBC has going for it @BBC_TopGear
I like my sleep too much
Left work and now totally regret agreeing to do night shifts tomorrow night and Tuesday of 9pm to 6am
Finally feeling like summer is on the way http://t.co/KOaPMSXlC3
Perfect night for a walk with pooch
Proper craving some baked beans
Drove 20 miles for a viewing and even called to let them know I was 15 minutes late. Got there and the guy had left
Fucking letting agencies. I don't think I need to say anything more
Flat hunting is so tedious. I wish I could pay someone to do it for me along with all the forms and paperwork #businessidea
Central Scotland at 09:31 with 93% solar eclipse. Unbelievable #SolarEclipse http://t.co/o4YDZZyC6X
Pretty amazing to watch, managed to get another picture #SolarEclipse http://t.co/D1zBAWev4Z
First picture of #SolarEclipse http://t.co/aYX2Lp0NEn
Feel like I should be expecting a massive dong to ring out as the eclipse begins #SolarEclipse
Where is The Hunger Games on Netflix? Why have Catching Fire but not the first one? Silly
I've missed blabbering shite on Twitter
Even bagged myself some professional filter paper for my eyes and a camera. £30 for one sheet! Thank god I wasn't the one who bought it
Is it sad that I'm setting an alarm to watch the solar eclipse tomorrow? Although, knowing my luck I'll be able to see he-haw for the clouds
If not, I'm claiming it as mine now ©
Thought I'd throw some Disaronno and milk together and turns out it's actually pretty nice. I'm guessing it's already a known cocktail tho
There are way too many places around the world I want to visit, why must it cost so much money though
I need an Xbox One in my life, missed this
The police have just let me know the prick that was drunk driving has now been detained and arrested, couldn't be happier! @policescotland
What even possesses someone to get behind the wheel of a car when they can hardly stand, I'll never know. Hope the police catch the cunt
Drunk drivers are absolute scum on Earth
And surprise, surprise, my foot is in agony. And my toe is going a funny colour, should I be worried?
Filled a cage up with about 30 boxes of wine at work, each box containing 6 bottles. Then managed to trip and pull the bastard over my foot
It's funny how tired travelling can make you. 6 hours driving and back home in Scotland, I'm in desperate need of my bed
Only 3 hours of driving to go...
The homeward journey isn't anywhere near as exciting as the journey South with a log cabin and hot tub waiting at the other end
So I spent last night drunk in the hot tub smoking a Cuban cigar under an unbelievable amount of stars. It's those moments 👌
Bacon rolls and champagne for breakfast, I'm never leaving this cabin
Beers in the hot tub with tunes on the sound bar and blue skies. I don't think it gets much better
My home for the week. Life isn't too bad at all http://t.co/wbdIdzqvj4
Pit stop in Newcastle. I've realised during this journey that I have a tiny bladder
Luggage is packed in the car. Now just £200 on alcohol at Asda and a 450 mile car journey to our North Yorkshire log cabin
There's only one thing that can shift this hangover. A great big dirty fry up 😏
As well as having a raging hangover
Do not recommend waking up on the floor after a night out, my neck is humped
At last, payday!! 💷
Finally, no more work for 11 days with a weekend in Dundee and a week in a Yorkshire log cabin ahead. Plan to spend 90% of it reeking drunk
And just to clarify, that tweet wasn't me just emerging from my bed. Although it would have been an even better day if it was
At last, a day off from work. I'd forgotten what it feels like to have a long lie
Surely I can't be the only one that likes the banana Cadbury's chocolate bar? Seems that way at work, I swear I'm not the only one
In other news, what the fuck is with this snow? It's March man
17th day in a row at work done and I finally have a day off tomorrow, hallelujah 🙏
16th day in a row in at work tomorrow, must love the place huh
I actually kinda miss Twitter, it only took me about a year #imbacktwitter
Maybe about time to stop neglecting my Twitter and start posting again
Oh hey Twitter, it's been a while
You can also donate by texting TAND60 followed by £1, £2, £3, £4, £5 or £10 to 70070 to help reach my goal of £500 for Diabetes UK. Thank u!
In support of Diabetes UK I am doing a tandem skydive June 1st. Please donate to this great cause at http://t.co/CkeSyCC28u thank you!
In desperate need of a holiday. Somewhere with sun, beaches and plenty of beer 👌
Too excited to be going to TITP this year, lineup actually looks amazing for once!!
Think I've finally decided on what I want to do with my life right now, big changes man #excited
Vodka shots always make for a messy night #help
Never let go of a good thing without a fight
Spent the day with my eyes in agony and only now have I discovered I put two contact lenses in each eye whilst half asleep this morning 🙈
Scored myself an interview for a new job and put down the deposit to my new flat, today is a good day!
On a brighter note, it's payday with £200 more than I expected!! 😁
Homeless man in the dark corner has told me he's going to kill me... Silly little cunt #wasteofspace
A nap followed up with an energy drink and I'm away with it #buzzing
Second-hand Mini Cooper's are considerably cheaper than I had thought, hmm... 😏
Tomorrow can't come quick enough seeing as it'll be pay dayyy!! 👏
My new pad!! Move in on the 24th 👌 #edinburghtownhouse http://t.co/GUzYKXd9Zo
Flat viewing in Edinburgh tonight, too excited!!
May take 23 hours to bus it there, but you can't argue with £50 for a return ticket 👌
I want my passport already so I can book the Megabus to Brussels, Paris and Berlin!!
My voice is absolutely shagged, sounding like a 10 year old boy
Still Game for pre's last night was an excellent plan though!! #thatsplenty
Oh my days, rough is an understatement
Really in the mood to go to London!! On the verge of getting the overnight coach down tonight #plan
Boy &amp; Bear's album 'Harlequin Dream' is just so great, why haven't I heard this sooner!?
So staying in the Travelodge because I couldn't be bothered with an hour long bus journey home last night was a decent plan!!
Way too excited to go skiing for the first time today #brokenlegahoy
Would not recommend falling down the stairs before even getting to Hive, feel like I've been rattled by a train #shafted
Promised myself I'd make 2014 amazing, and what better way to start it off than booking flights for 2 weeks in Austria!!
4 glasses of champagne tanked before midday. Must be that time of year, Merry Christmas everyone!
Well after being punched, and verbally abused for 10 hours, I can safely say customers are cunts this time of year!!
Pre-birthday bev!!
I passed my theory test!! #onestepcloser #firsttime
Making a 120 mile-round trip to Dundee tonight because I've forgotten my paper copy of my license for my theory test on Wednesday #shitemare
Definitely a sleepless night, cannot get tired in the slightest
But it's now payday so I'm not giving a fuck!!
Aaaand I've missed the bus to Livingston, shocker
On my break and find all the staff huddled around the TV, wander over to see what all the fuss is about.. Come Dine with Me is on #sorted
48/50 on a mock theory test, nae bad at all
Attempting to take a sly snapchat of the guy in front of me on the bus when BOOM, fucking flash goes off and he's first to notice too
So it's 9 months of full-time employment until my new course at QMU begins. Day 3 &amp; I'm already tired of this commuting about pish #shite
For those of you as bored as I am on this fine Saturday evening, The Fast and the Furious has just started on Dave!! #RIPPaulWalker
Being able to buy tickets for @on_lothianbuses on my phone is a life saver!!
Oh christ, the carnage from last nights antics is too much to deal with today #hungover
Well, my last night in Dundee - definitely going to miss it &amp; everyone I've met over the years. Cheers for the good times, now let's drink!!
RIP Paul Walker #gutting
Having the nutritious dinner of… a KitKat chunky #skint #bevyfirst
