I want a kitten
Someone take me to Aberdeen so I can lock myself in my room and never leave
Just jump
Nothing like a chat with an old friend to make you feel better 😊
How have I only just discovered pretty little liars?
So happy to have @_whatglennadid back in my life 💕
Where has this surge of motivation come from?!
See things differently
I seriously need to start getting fit and healthy or I'll turn into a pie
Essay submitted this morning and then got to enjoy a day in the sun
I've been so productive today
When you know something is all your fault but there's nothing you can do to change it
Can't wait to get back to my room
Appendix done!
Can never sleep anymore
Slut
Nice wee night watching movies and eating chips with @MairiGalbraith
Feel so sick now
Great.
I must be quite embarrassing
So fed up, want to go home
I really can't be arsed with tomorrow
Because me and @MegzieCX are hot... http://t.co/IY5ZolgFE8
Beginning to wonder if my laptops actually broken or if I'm just stupid
Me and my favourites 💕 @MegzieCX @mc_lowry http://t.co/iLKkRDwxwm
I could study but I could also sleep and I really like sleep
I can't stop smiling today 😊
I've had such a productive day!! Two driving lessons organised and I got a visit from pixie!!
Wow, realisation has just smacked me in the side of the head
I absolutely love the @SkyNews budget rap battle advert, it is the best!
I can now wear nail varnish and jewellery again!!
Last day of placement tomorrow, how did that happen
Getting this essay done is beyond impossible… so far I've got 690 words of crap
So now my laptop is totally fucked. Great.
I get to see @MegzieCX and @mc_lowry on Monday!!
Today has been my favourite day of placement by far! A midwife just called me bloody brilliant 😊
Positivity is the way forward
So glad that's over
Nice wee half day for me today! Can't wait till tonight!!
2015 has been shit so far
I've spent way too much money in the last few days
Being the only one in the waiting room at the GPs at 7.20 in the morning is kind of creepy
Got one of the piercings under my collarbone caught in the scrunchie in the shower and I swear I've never felt pain like it
Going back to uni will be like having a holiday, placement is so busy
Less than two weeks till I'm back in aberdeen how did that happen
I love Lord of the rings too much
Missing Ebury street
Sitting in my jammies, with a hot water bottle and reading Harry Potter, I'm so cool
Very excited about my next tattoo
Set me on fire by flyleaf is my new song
Going to leave uni and become a full time dog walker
Well clearly someone's got a sense of humour
Kevin bridges is so funny!
I've been so busy today, I refuse to even move tomorrow
Away to get all my hair chopped off!!
Can't wait till my couple of nights away from here
Pretty day http://t.co/rbuHqhgz9B
Three shifts left till my long weekend!!
I can't be bothered to get up... Or move
So cute seeing everyone all loved up
Getting cray with @mc_lowry
Don't know why I still bother
Time to give up
Pretty sure I'll never get this essay done
Love my new guitar
Made a bit of a twat out of myself last night
Fed up living life with a broken laptop that I now can't even log in to
Very pissed off
In love http://t.co/7pU93BNwc0
My quote of the day from becky: "I want a big dog so one day I can ride it into battle"
Feel like utter crap this morning
Had such a good weekend in aberdeen and got to see @mc_lowry @MairiGalbraith and @_rachunter can't wait to go back!
Last week in dundee, hope it goes quickly
I've missed my little room in aberdeen
My birthday present from @mc_lowry 😊😊 http://t.co/HdUL54qfiM
After today I can never eat again
Craving anything banoffee
This is why I love @_whatglennadid http://t.co/sorgC5jhJi
I am now alone 😢
Parents stuck in the snow so won't come see me on my birthday :-(
Praying that it doesn't snow badly tonight so I can see my mum and dad tomorrow
Ok today has been the best day ever!
I want to go to New York
Introduction of cleanliness champions finally done. Now just the rest of it to do
Funny how you can feel really strong one day and the next you want a piano to fall on your head
I really hate this
Would quite happily go back here http://t.co/dB8lFjgfAk
The alarm won't go off, neighbours are going to love us
And now the burglar alarm is going off, I hope we're not burgled
Oh well, that's me back to sunny dundee till the weekend
I got my first birthday card today, I'd totally forgotten about my birthday
And I don't give up either
Nothing you do can change what's happened in the past, but you can work your hardest to get whatever you want for your future
Can't wait to get out of birnam
Ok, I will do the uni work that I've put off for over a month today... I will!
Wish I was packing to go back to Spain for two weeks rather than dundee
I prefer French toast, but man that was yummy http://t.co/ZZ4s9rnjVW
New piercing today :-)
This week has been the hardest week
Taken 3 tomorrow!
I lost :-(
I got a cheese!
I'm losing. Very badly
#livingthehighlife http://t.co/97zDwjAUw3
Can't believe I've only got 2 weeks left in the ferry! It's gone by so quickly, then get to stay home for 5 weeks and then back to Aberdeen!
Got given a cute little present today, preeettttyyy http://t.co/x5BR28LRtB
I think my dad might slowly be turning into Rufus Humphry, all he does is make waffles
I've found out a load of crazy stuff today and it's just made me respect and love my mum so much more
After a wee heart to heart with my mum, I've come to the conclusion that she is actually the most amazing woman I've ever met
I've learnt a lot of lessons recently, and made a ton of mistakes I'll never make again
Heartstrings by leighton meester is great too, really different, it's awesome
Going to live in a house full of food with @MegzieCX and @mc_lowry
Make up excites me too much
My vice 3 palette is here! My life is finally complete!
Ah fuck it
Oh crap
Achieving a goal is one of the best feelings ever, especially if you had to really work for it 😊
My dads most recent description of me - "pretty thick".... Thanks dad!
Fed up of being sick now, it's boring
My baby http://t.co/38BgZkbpj2
Ooh just finished another one, I'm on fire
I just finished a sudoku that Ive spent about an hour on and the amount of pride I'm feeling right now is unreal #lame
Seriously my laptop runs so slow, don't know what's wrong with it
The new Veronicas album is actually really good, can't wait till it comes out
