Like all I want to do is have fun but I have no confidence for this shit (there needs to be a middle finger emoji)
Almost went back to a guys place, but me being me said no ✋ fuck you who made me feel like shit (almost said name bit that would be bad)
Wonder if anyone will notice we all have the same hairstyle 😂
Off to see my nan I haven't seen in like a year 😱
Don't know what to wear tonight omg
My leg is so itchy I just want to rip the skin off
Why is my leg so itchy omg
The only time I was bored was in the last hour when I was on reception, don't know how they do it man 😴
Can't actually belive I did my whole shift today 😱
Let's face it, it'll be a miracle if we have more than one customer in today
Why am I working today :( a 9 hour shift too! 😭
Eyebrows are on point today 👌
I'm bored af
In that sort of mood where I miss cuddling in bed.
This is when I realise how many friends I don't have
What I need is a busy day at work because the boredom there is killing me
I had to serve food to director of the company and let's just say that I've never put food on tables so well for anyone in my life 😂
It's cloudy outside which means... Customers at work!
Have a thing for tall guys
Aw, Ryan is being adorable 😂
Ffs why am I not in town
I usually hate old series but I've watched Buffy about four times now, all 7 series 😂
Wish I had my own bff like Felix from Orphan Black.
All I want to do is sleep until Sunday when I have to get up for work
If I see that cat again tonight I'll probably end up taking it home with me 😸
Basically falling asleep on my feet
I just checked my bank account and it almost gave me a heart attack. No more wine for me.
I have three days off next week, buzzing!
I have a day off Saturday and that's probably when the weather will be shit :(
Resigning myself to not being sent home this holidays at all
Wine is literally my BFF
Despite being bored out of my skull, work wasn't too bad today
So I went into the shop to get some dinner and came out with wine, sounds pretty good 😂
So many chavs in peartree 😒
We all going insane at work because there's nothing to do 😂 if a cep comes in now it's gonna be a strange report 😂
Dear work: pls send me home today, we all know we'll have like 5 customers. Xoxo
Cute guy from town the other day was up for meeting in town last night but I didn't end up going ffs
Pre drinking at my managers 😂
Go bowling literally makes me feel like I'm back in the 90's and we've all decided we don't appreciate hwb enough
Vodka slushie at work 😂
Work is so dead omg
Why am I working today 😭 it's lush weather so it'll probably be dead
Maybe hanging, just a bit... 😷
Last night was good ✌🎉 https://t.co/jkkowF1LGx
It's like a school reunion in oceana 😂
Come on gma I need to get outttt
It's so dead at work, literally like 5 people bowling. Let me go home!!
Forever getting the creepy old guys hitting on us girls at work 😂
I should probably go to sleep now, I have to be up at like 8am for work 😭
Buzzing for for tomorrow, only thing getting me through work atm 😂 @OceanaSoton @beth_tay97 @ChloeRHaynes
Feeling like I might throw up 😷 but of course it happened too late for me to call in sick 😭
Mum almost invited a cute boy from the one stop around for dinner tomorrow 😂
I bet at least 1 person in my family tomorrow will come barging in like 'you're late for work' n I can just say fuck off I'm on the late ✌
Can't remember what time I went on my break, oops
Maybe a night out with the girls from work Tuesday 💃🎉
Our little squad ✌ https://t.co/G46FRshCf7
Forgot to do my eyebrows ffs 😭
But probably won't be able to becausw it's a young carers event :(
If I can get an alcoholic drink at this place I'll take it 👌
I should probably get up if I want to make this thing on time.
Relying on pizza Hut to bring me what I need (ice cream and their cookie dough stuff) 👌
Outfit sorted for Sunday 👌
Buzzing for Sunday with with squad at @OceanaSoton 😂 🎉💃
Started to introducing myself to people as Mel, not Melissa, I blame work.
Hospitals creep me the fuck out
Trying to convince my mum to stop at costa on the way to hospital 😂
I want @CostaCoffee to deliver because the nearest one is too far!
What I need in my life right now is a Mcdonalds and a costa
Might just bum shuffle everywhere today 😂
Never wearing these shoes to town again ✋
I would have had a more productive day if I stayed in bed
Don't realise how much I work until I get paid and see how many hours I've done 😱
Obviously gonna end up at @OceanaSoton tonight like every Tuesday for like the last month 😂
I'm not entirely sure why there's a person walking around in a chicken costume at college 😂
Loved my cute little meet up and costa with Michael yesterday 😘
If mum thinks I'm going in simply for tutor tomorrow she can do one 😂
Got a cute top a skirt today for summer things #iamreadyforsun
There really needs to be a @CostaCoffee in Woolston
My feet hurt so much omg
Went to sleep at 6am, up at 9am for work. #dying
My mind says that I must work, my body says go the fuck back to sleep
Snogged the fuck out of this guy and it was fab
I have work tomorrow but I don't regret tonight @OceanaSoton
Fuming 😤
Actually feeling like shit 😷
So my old school won their heat of Rock Challenge and my college have won it tonight, woo! @ukrockchallenge
If they won't change my shifts I'm legit gonna have to hand in my notice
Why are work putting me on closes, I can't get home ffs
Been on the bus for an hour now. We've got to three stops.
I was so fucking weird. https://t.co/OT3m6s58Tq
Pretty sure I've put on so much weight 😭 so back to healthy eating again!
In a town sort of mood but can't go because college work needs to be done
Why did I agree to this shift 😴
Always remember https://t.co/SNsHrwznsT
I DIDN'T FUCK UP MYSTERY SHOP, WOO!
My goal for today is to get higher than 80 in a game of bowling 🎳
This lesson is killing me
I have spend more money this weekend then I thought. Cannot buy any more stuff if I want to go out at all 😂
Just won some shoes on ebay and I'm not entirely sure I like them
