Ruin someone's day by simply engaging them in conversation.
Slowly dying inside isn't as much fun as I'd hoped.
You're racist against me cos I'm English.
🎶It started with a cyst🎶Never thought it would come to thisQuasimodo, probably.
We've all seen the Star Wars trailer, lets all get on with our fucking lives ok!?
10 days til I start getting my body clock back onto 'work' time.10 days til I wont be on twitter much more.
We all should know our place, mine is apparently at the bottom of the pile.
I find it difficult to tweet when I'm in a good mood.
Shhhh, MacGyver's on.
...and that was when my mother told me I should move out and it would probably be better if we didn't talk for a while...
I would buy you a unicorn if it would mean you'd shut the fuck up.
If you kill me in your dreams I'm still alive in real life so jokes on you fuckwad.
Celebrating getting a job by drinking beer, playing Forza and listening to Conway Twitty.Queue up in an orderly fashion ladies.
Fucking stupid twitter telling me I'm not following people I fucking know,I am. Sort your shit out cunts.
I've just watched MacGyver make a hot air balloon out of rags while I was playing angry birds.
Pretty sure saying "Kill 'em, kill 'em all" may not have been the correct answer to "How would you like to handle neighbours?".Oh well.
Oh no, someone unfollowed you. Well what did the police say???
Reading your tweets it seems to me you think it means 'what (a) cunt Wednesday'.
It would be best to describe my interview look as 'Fat, ugly Bruce Wayne '.
Have a shave you fat cunt.
"If its important you make time for it" I say to myself as I start hour 5 of playing GTA.
*re-enacts Franklin's experiment using wire instead of string and wearing a metal hat*
I wish I only missed you when I was drunk.
&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;secretly hopes every headache is an inoperable brain tumour.
Being a disrespectful douche seems to be the way to go.
Futile is the word of the day
#tt I'm not as strong as I act.
Casually wondering what's the fucking point anymore.
The darkness eating me from the inside.
What I don't understand is why Noah took dung beetles and skunks on the ark but not unicorns and dragons.
Lets slowly psychologically torture each other til we hate each other and want to stab each other in the temple with rusty spikes.
Someone from Krispy Kreme Phoned me to ask why I applied for a job with them. My answer of 'staff discount' lead to a swift hanging up.
Another day, another chance to accidentally overdose on icecream.
Waking up with a hangover I can handle. But when I haven't had a drink, that fucking sucks.
If I could spend 1 hour with you that would be sweet. We could fuck 18 times.
I started a drinking game where I drank a beer everytime I wanted to swear. Long story short, I was drunk 7mins after waking up.
You're such a cliche its not even fucking funny.
What do you give the woman who has everything? Well antibiotics is a good start.
So apparently there is no correct way to tell a woman.....well, anything really.
Yeah, I did a tweet in the same vain last fucking week.
Time for another 3hrs tossing and turning and occasional sobbing.
On a serious note, what the fuck do you do when an ex calls out of the blue and wants to meet up? This shit has me vexed.
I'm a man trapped in a woman's body, fucking superglue in a tube similar to lube.
You're not that annoying, all I'm saying is I'd rather listen to a tumble dryer full of rocks than the sound of your voice.
If you can't own the day at least own the lighter that sets it on fire.
I love crossbows, and shooting little gnomes. Stay out of my garden ya little bastards.
Similarly "Eat my ass" is my response to "How are you?"
"Go fuck yourself you fucking fucker" is my 'good morning' today.
This tweet is not my best effort, please disregard.
All my meals taste extra salty because of the tears.
