If someone wants to come and cuddle me that would be great. Thank you for your co-operation in this matter.
I was trying to has a serious conversation with my best friend and ended up using it as excuse to quote Harry Potter, I can't do serious.
I never used to reply to anyone's tweets and now I just reply to anyone like a desperate child in need of friends
Do people still remember that the Harlem Shake was once a thing? Ew
Not today satan, not today
Told someone I was reading a book, they asked if it was Game Of Thrones. Am I that predicable?
how short is very short? — Like extremely short. And I think it's about to get shorter http://t.co/OEehq9iU5B
be my bf ok? — There's a very short list of people I would even consider being the boyfriend of but if you're th... http://t.co/LFJEj7j3uX
should I snap you! to show you who I am — I'm sure you'll do it anyway so why not http://t.co/SRkzmskQ1A
Pretty sure my ask.fm is where horny people go to make me feel nauseated
I miss coming home from primary school to watch mona the vampire every day
Cute messages make me smile and I don't even care how cringey that is.
But I'm still really happy so my lamp can fuck off
I just smashed my lamp. Mood less impressed
I'm in such a good mood tonight now, I've been smiling for literally the first time today.
I have a horrible weakness for the Inbeteeeners, it's so awful and grim but it gets every time.
I remember when my school tried to stop people saying the word minstrel after a boy sucked one out a girls vagina and was ridiculed😷😷
14 year old me's facial expressions are still relevant to my opinion on everything http://t.co/t9wpOolOuk
'Make your ass shinier and it'll go from a 9 to a 10' how would I even go about this
Do you ever see a picture of your ass and think. Wow, my ass looks good today because yeah.
It really annoys me how I can't get into Star Wars. It's this huge thing that I just cannot watch without falling asleep.
When did I stop being the emotionless robot I used to be. I want it back
I don't even know what I'm getting jealous over. Ew feelings
I can't flirt to save my life, I might as well lead with let me touch your genitals.
what part of the Uk are you from? — Downham market, it's in Norfolk :) http://t.co/i7HYEGbha7
My parents bedroom is next door to the bathroom so when I bought my electric toothbrush I felt obliged to them what I was doing In there
I think part of the reason I don't ever apologise is because I say it about 100 times a day at work.
The deeply religious guy at work sat across from me and started reading lines from the bible. It was almost like an exorcism.
When I add someone as a contact but don't know their last name I end up having to put something like 'idk' or a something to remind of them
I have more dreams about people I talk to on Twitter than people I've actually met. Twitter is controlling my life
I find myself way more hilarious than other people seem to
I hate everyone today. Just some people more than others.
I'm definitely trying too hard.
This woman at work was describing the joy of childbirth to me. I could not get out of their fast enough
hey! how are you? :) — Hey! I'm dying at work http://t.co/WkSYDMc4ZS
It's so ridiculously obvious when I'm into someone
I barely even read my newfeed anymore, I just stalk the same half a dozen people and fav all their tweets pretty much
I just want to go home
Did that sound bitter? It felt bitter
I hope it goes grey and rainy for everyone today, if I can't enjoy the sun when I'm at work,then no-one can.
People that compliment my ass are the people I need in my life.
I have too many photos of myself on my phone. I look self obsessed
People that don't password their phones, what are you doing with your life?
I'd be genuinely terrified if someone found my phone and managed to work out the password. More for them to be honest.
I think my theme today is taking more a 'can you not?' sort of a approach.
No
Do I want to get up? No. Do I need to get up? Yes. WilI I get up? Probably not.
I actually really sucks having all your friends go to uni and you're left with no-one
I wonder if there's anyone that doesn't seem to strive to piss me off lately.
What do you look forward to most this year? — Hopefully my death http://t.co/pkj5tX038u
It annoys me when I think I've irritated someone and they get so passive aggressive until I work it out.
It's a little sad that people I used to talk to all the time on here barely even recognise my existence anymore
A mum was telling off her kid and her kid turned around and mooned her in the middle of the store, I had to leave I was laughing so hard
I think I might need someone to come and hold me whilst I watch the episode to be Honest
And if they kill off Patrick Dempsey my life is over
Greys anatomy is going to break me on Friday I can tell already. I can't deal with a second plane crash
I got challenged to post nudes on Twitter. Even I'm not that brave 😂
Being someone that can't turn down a challenge is a nightmare for me, it makes me so competitive or end up doing something dumb
Okay so maybe there isn't anything more terrifying that waking up to find you had a nosebleed in your sleep.
I Just got an email telling me that I'm the next of kin to some guy who died in Ghana. I think not.
I figured I'd not cover my face for a change so http://t.co/AKdyygdTvj
There needs to be a hugs service idk. I feel like I need one.
Today I actually got out of bed, got ready to go out, then looked back at my bed and decided fuck it and got back in bed.
I can definitely see myself legally changing my middle name. It's so awful
It makes me so miserable when I find someone I like talking to and they live hours away from me.
Do I reply too quickly? Probably
Forever trying with people who just aren't interested.
I'm so hungry I might go get Chinese, I don't even like Chinese that much
When I've faved a dozen of a persons tweets I just kind of reach a point of 'Okay I think you need to stop and get off Twitter now'
I'm going to end up like the old man from up, minus the adventure and liking for children.
I'm so bored of almost everyone at the moment. So many disappointments
Guess I should finally make the effort and start daredevil
I am the same way but one of us is getting a food baby — Um okay http://t.co/tOPopFodaD
I think it's my job as an American to make anyone who ... — I eat like a hippo and don't put on weight so good luck http://t.co/3zy3Ikw5DQ
I quite like looking at nipples, they look cute idk
i'll buy you liquor if you're not 21 :))) — I can buy it where I am legally anyway tho http://t.co/wu2D0lQ0i5
then treat you to a dinner? — Free food? I'm in http://t.co/17FpxdLZo6
if you visit my state I'd show you around and buy you a beer if you're 21 — I'm 19 so I guess not. http://t.co/g91OPVWTJT
'He thrust his purple headed warrior into her quivering mound of love pudding' what even is this film omg
The Naked Gun 2 and a half is like a film of just dead actors, how depressing.
Ask me a question | http://t.co/oTZOpw1fg3
My autocorrect changed actually to sexually and now I look like a horny gremlin, oh dear lord.
I have a friend who has a thumb that looks like a big toe and I feel so bad for laughing at him
I was looking through my zoo photos from the other day and I just noticed I have a pictures of a baboons asshole, nothing else, just asshole
I heard someone refer to his kids as his 'fuck trophies' earlier. Oh my god.
Is it acceptable to get up at 2 and then go to bed at 7 because I feel like it should be
The minute someone mentioned me being one of the fastest at doing a task at work everyone makes jokes about my sex life 😒
I'm literally so boring to talk to, I always forget to ask about the other person.
I remember once this girl told me that I look like Sid the sloth and I told her that she looks like the mammoth and didn't speak to me again
'WHERE ARE MY CUNTING EARPHONES?' Something I say daily.
My mum walked in on me rewatching game of thrones right during Loras and Olyva's sex scene. 😭
Now I've got my Skype back I really wanna use it but I don't have anyone to call 😭
I think there's literally only 2 of my followers who have ever heard my voice because of how much I hate it.
Considering I spent £50 on my wallet I don't think I've ever put that much money Into it.
Idk why everyone assumes I'm quite short, whenever they see a photo I always get told 'wow you're quite tall'. Okay then
I remember when I was 14, my mum came to the doctors with me and the doctor kept asking about my penis and I still have nightmares about it
Accidentally sending a wink face instead of a smiley face is something that I do not need in my life
It makes me a little sad to realise I probably have more people I consider friends on Twitter than I do outside of Twitter.
I'd like to love summer but all it means is sunburn, hay-fever and nosebleeds. Can it wait?
I like to think my dog loves me but then she kills stuff and I wonder if she's going to rip my face off in my sleep
Which country do you want to visit? — America or Kenya http://t.co/QTvRPy24By
What's your favorite day of the week? — Monday actually http://t.co/ih16pcio6L
The 25% discount I get off John Lewis products is the saviour of my life tbh
I'm wearing odd socks today and I'm not entirely sure I'm okay with that
Considering I nearly had my first car accidents on my own fucking driveway I think I need to pay attention more
Looking back at old photos I really did not try took at all good at 6th form. Pretty sure I alternated between wearing the same 3 things.
I don't know why I bothered getting Instagram, I only just found it again and everything is about 2 years old and looks nothing like me.
I should probably get out of bed now but I just don't see the point, maybe tomorrow
I really need to stop mentally claiming someone as mine. Especially when they don't even know I exist.
On the upside my thighs are okay today and I can bend down without feeling like an 80 year granny
I really really really hate it when people try people try and use 'Hey Mr' in an affectionate way, it makes me cringe so bad
I guess things are still awkward then. Oops
Kind of in the mood to just drive somewhere
I really hate how awkward I am with people. I never know what to say.
The whole 'don't talk to strangers' thing definitely didn't work on me, I prefer talking to strangers than I do people I actually know.
When I don't know what to say I pretty much just favourite the last reply and hope that's okay
I will literally talk to anyone who amuses me at this hour. How sad
Half past 1 and I'm listening to the proclaimers. What did I do to end up here?
Being pale is so irritating, as soon as it gets into double figures I basically fry like bitch.
1am is always the time I have How to Save a Life on replay, it's basically routine
Why does everyone go to bed early?  Who do I pester with my menial life now?
