Cheerleader is a right catchy song
Deez nutz
Little tired ted tonight
What the fuck heard screaming outside looked outside it was a fox!!!
I need a massage and to sleep for 40 days
Literally an emotional wreck at the minute
Work is dragging like mad
Cant stop crying in work knowing its my last day here saturday, so emotional met some amaze people!!!
Cant believe I got hypnotised tonight!!!!!!!! Big believer now absolutely mad experience
Shay wake with maz don &amp; loz!
Breaks my heart when Georgias upset
I should be used to doing double shifts I do them 3 times a week but the thought of them kills me!!!
The pub is heaving and im really not in the mood to be nice to people today
Cant sleep heads all over the place
Ahahahahaha really
It's extremely likely I will not wake up for work tomorrow :)
Not gonna lie love a good argument at work hahaha
Really wanna go to a beer garden me
Unreal how disrespectful some people are
Never felt so annoyed in all my life
FURIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!
Think im the only person that has to work tomorrow well depressing
My brain really doesnt wanna go to sleep tonight and its beginning to really fuck me off
Chloe lewis is so pretty!!
Watching hollyoaks with my veggie burger #fakevegatarian #chickennuggets
There's only one Georgia Lewis
Well bad crash at the bottom of Ripponden road!!
Too early
I over think things way too much
Someones snoring really loud in my house resulting in the walls feeling like they are vibrating making me not be able to sleep!!
Going for tea at georgias after work but none of us can cook ffs
Asif my weekend could get any worse
Cant wait to see Georgia need a cuddle
Cant believe how much money I spent lastnight makes me wanna cry looking at my bank account
I feel awful
"@__georgialewis: @kandisc_x 'Don't know where iam but there's no sign of a McDonalds' always thinking about food the fat fuck!" Eyyyyy
An hours kip turned into 3 hours!
Just looked at the sun feel blind
Absolutely amazed!!!! The eclipse is so cool
Im such a geek sat looking out of thw window at work waiting for the eclipse to happen!!!
Do people actually still make fake Facebook accounts? Sad as fuck
Missing my step-mummy so much tonight, love and miss you lorraine so much xxxxx
Finally home after 10 hours of work, towie n bed for kandipops
Asif im 20 next year that is so weird
Can you die of lack of sleep? Rip meeee
I could sleep until im 40 but ive got to be up tomorrow at half 8
My wage on monday is gonna be fab
Typical I can feel a cold coming on days before my birthday
Hope my mum goes bed soon I wanna catch up on my soaps
Tired really isnt the word
Got to be up at half 7 for work but my brain clearly doesnt give a fuck!!
Had the worlds worst day
My mum has been spoilt off me for mothers day!! And then its her bday at the end of this month ffs
Want hot chocolate with cream and marshmellows
Never use my laptop but when I do I remember why I dont use it and want to throw it at the wall
If my bedroom window isn't wide open I find it impossible to have a good nights sleep
Regret sleeping in till after dinner cant sleep now
Want to be a disney princess at disneyland so bad!!
Breaks my heart when I dont wanna go out and georgia rings me persuading me to go liquid. My hearts sayin no and my heads sayin yes
Fresh bedding, new pj's, 1 leg in 1 leg out and the cold side of the pillow. Close to perfect
I was so tired an hour ago but im still not asleep
My birthday in 14 days
Cant believe ive been up since half 8 on my on day off!!!! Typical
Think ive got a bit of an obsession for new pj's at the minute
Cant wait to finish work and put my new pjs on
Arg melts my heart!!!
Im like an old lady I love doing sudukos
Double shifts will be the death of me
Cannot wait to get paid on monday killling me doing all these shifts but my wage on monday will be so worth it!!
Killing me having to go back to work just finished 6 hours now got to go and do another 4 ffs!!
Why cant I sleeeeeeep!!!!!
1 too many jagerbombs gonna kill me getting up for work in the morning!!
Duno what to think about 50 shades if grey
Cant wait to see 50 shades of grey on thursday!!
Tell you what I pull some good looking pints me
Had a week off from the gym cos ive been poorly and cant wait to get back, feel like shit!!
Cant wait to see my gran not seen her for 2 and a half weeks!
Soo happy ive got a day off tomorrow
So hard dealing with loosing people you love so much, especially to cancer, would give or do anything to have them back!!
Full on makes me cringe looking down my facebook page!!
Cant wait for my birthday next month!
Day 2 of stopping smoking and ive just bought 10 fags ffs!!!! #nowillpower
Absolutely in love with Victor &amp; Rolf Bonbon perfume!!! Soooo nice
Starving cant wait for my breaki
Why did I fall asleep so early, wide awake club just wanna go home :(
Eating the hospital out me #fatkaz
Just had to have an injection in my tummy staryed crying im such a drama queen
"@bethaniepyatt: Nobody worries me half as much as @kandisc_x does 😩 💛 💗" bbe im on top of the world x
Head is full on throbbing
Can't actually cope atal with being ill just wanna go to sleep!!!
RIP Norman you will be sadly missed in the pub, so sad x
In love with my new gym stuff!
Really like my mate Georgia and my mate lauren
Upsets me having to work in a Saturday
Vodka lime and soda waiting for u xxxxxx @royle_lauren http://t.co/OSqB9fvcG6
Can always count on @__georgialewis to be up for a liquid friday xxxx
That Rogan off ex on the beach is an absolute stunner
Koppaberg and hollyoaks catch up!!
Gone abit overboard with the length of my nails this time can't do cock all
Defo early night for kandipops
Never do anything for anyone cos you'll get fuck all in return :)
Trying my hardest to do sudukos
Horrible hearing my dogs cry for each other :(
9 hour shift is killing me
Always loved katie price!
Love a good brew
Turkey booked for July with mclaughlin 😁☀️🍸💜
Dont think anyone has a dad as strong and brave as mine x
Havin an hours kip
Feel like complete shit 😒
Love getting a new onsie
Actually is so weird how much things have changed in the past few months
Lasted 2 hours and 4 minutes in work then started spewin... fabulous
How the fuck did I spend £80 in liquid lastnight how is that even possible
Put all my trust into georgia then she screenshots my snapchats
'Ive stayed awake for the past 2 days cos I got a letter through my door sayin there are burglars in your area' fuckin pissin hahaahah
Omg the girls are gonna fuckin piss when they wake up hahahahhaaahahha
