People need to learn personal discipline, not control over power freaks no matter how well they mean.
Proper recommend them rehydration sachets get from chemist. For liquid shit but sorts out hangover with a slap up.
Now they've got that fukin apple phone, I hate apple.  Corporate slave drivers they are.
Feeling better, getting there.
Slash used to  live round the corner of James Taylor he said when was a kid. Like both.
People can be cold and hurt ya but u know uve got a friend.
James Taylor tribute, have a bit o that.
Looks like Steve gadd drumming on sky arts.
If u love me cool, if u don't cool. That goes for anyone.
Emotions coming back again, loves thumper with all me heart and  hope she's well.
Their my enemies, the day and safety. Don't wanna interfere with anyone else's business unless they try and fuk me.
My brother loves sport, he's a bit different.
I'm not  a hippy, just felt like common sense ever saw people playing sport and that.
Unless u wanna be a cock chaser.
The day is the enemy, prodigy. That's what I'm talking bout. Our  only enemy is what we have to do.
That  and  post office, Charles bukowski. Loved  pulp and thisun was a best seller.
Just got  a booke, generations of swine. Must be where nikki sixx got the idea for generation swine from.
bought a packet of cigarettes and arnt smoking em, that's  a personal victory for me.
Gonna chat up a lass the other day, said off to Western with boyfriend. Was a 50 year  old bald fella on a BMW. Must've been a working girl
Disrespect is taking the dick, taking the dick. Don't even try with ur pety tricks.
Don't see us needing computers in a 1000 years. Just a monitor.
Just spoke to bro bout guns and roses and he said everyone in his school liked em which put him off. Same as me. Great now.
Bros said gonna join me in song writing. Double team.
Life as we understand it is all we'll ever  know?  No  right, no wrong. Just what's best for survival of everyone.
All grunted out, absolutely fooked.
Rid of the riff raff, going to gym with bro, chilling out drinking rum watching that sons of anarchy. Alls cool.
Might give swimming another go, just to make  everyone jealous of me  leg  floats.
Don't look at me, especially when eating me food.
Understand why girls feel funny when fellas stare at em, feel uncomfortable when girls stare at me.
*grunt* excuse me.
Just realising how crazy must've been to do stuff done, me hearts still beating and  off to gym Later
Why would binging make u take this  junk shit. Control, mind over matter.
Following actions and not ideals we'll  know what works.
That's my slang for girls : food. Like making up stuff like that.
Enjoy pay day now,  indulging in capitalist  gadgets.
I'll be  MC mister bidster and band will be the pussy God's
Dr dres chronic t-shirt was what first made me realise smoking weed was cool. Didn't know b4 that. Just a giggle plant.
Was  no  association with drugs and music to me when was a kid. Musics made me feel it's okay, doesn't make u a bad person.
Think beating it's cool, but wouldn't wish it on anyone
Incredible how well niles Davis has done considering both his parents were heroin addicts. Was probably cool back then.
Yeah think some of cribs lyrics are clever but like heavier stuff. Just being honest. Good luck to em.
Iggys right too much of the wrong drugs becomes sucking ur thumb. I'd keep clear.
Addicted to something harmless, there's got to be a catch.
Remember when our tummys rumbled together.
Could do alright with her support, but got to do it myself. A challenge.
Thumper would look super cute hiding under the covers, popping her head out the top. Hope she's okay.
Ladies cross their legs to keep the sword holder fresh and safe.
Can't stand watching them bent people in  pop music making fools out of themselves and thinking they're all that.
Action, no ideals.
I'm  with that slash army thing if it's a communal thing.
Friendly and want to be safe me.
Spoke to someone from california and said people walk with their heads down round here. Does my head in too.
She needs an enterage of protectors.
We need to protect the baby thumper from hurt. Don't want her hurting.
If u ask out every girl u see  u like they'll always be one that'll say yes.
This buzzy  love feelings alright actually, want her to be happy and want the best for her and that  ain't me.
Could imagine Paul as  one of them old crusty fellas u see flapping their lips at ye.
Trust someone if speak bout something done but don't trust ideals. Trying to brainwash us.
People blindly following stuff just to fit in.
Think when Thom Yorke says ur opinion is of no consequence at all all them years ago  might be talking about ideals. Not sure.
Like some of them 80's bands where they play  a melody on the bass to the music, sounds alright. Having  a play with that.
Can remember me mum wearing dungarees in the 80's,that's how 80's she was.
Listening to a bit of new order. Classic.
That's what people need that do this junk shit, a bit of pride. Above it but not the people that  where u were
Got my eye  on a lass down my local pub, I'd give her the jackhammer.
Watching beach boys and ur Bearley see the fella that wrote the songs.
Brian Wilsons the one on the keyboard, not showing off. Just writes good songs. He writes the songs and u Bearley see him.
Like fuked up people, only ur mask hides behind that
Watching the beach boys and was trying to work out which ones Brian Wilson. Def not the lead singer. They all look a bit fuked up  tbh.
Why else would u beg for drugs and alcohol, that's why illegal. But there's always some genuine.
Having a cleansed hearts more important than fancy food.
So u only give a fuk bout people that would do the same back. Hard in business, need a worthless Queen quarantine. Send em  on an island.
Girls were really cold in uni, a Spanish lass said that too. It's not normal to be like that.
Best going young, coz all the fit old girls are already taken.
All I wanna be is a good man that doesn't take shit of them worthless Queens.
Foods good for the soul and u  know what kinda food I'm talking about.
Just wheeled half mile up  a hill to find chinky was closed. Come up with an idea for a song.
Love, awareness, self discipline and no regrets I se.
Drink doesn't make me better at  playing, alot better with  a clear head.
eating meats like sex, becoming a vegie isn't gonna change anyone else's opinion. Only free range.
Going well with me rum and coke. Usually wouldn't be able to drink it without  a smoke.
This clove tobacco ejuice is tastey. Cheap stuff makes me feel sick..
Don't know when realised how good iggy pop was, was a long time after train spotting. But he's the man.
Love watching a band that are really enjoying it while doing it. No doubt, just love it
Don't like that prick presenter.
Sky arts is good tonight. Anarchy in Manchester.
How would the mothers feel that have lost their kids to em feel if ur going round shaming em?
Shaming of hard drugs is just  as wrong. Just love and awareness.
Glamourisation of hard drugs should be illegal. Unless using medicinal.
Drugs destroys everything, see how people can see as self destruction as cool. But not for the person if u give a fuk.
Got to learn a bit of nile Rogers, like a bit o funk. He likes strats too.
Friend sid  knocked someone out  one  punch and he's in a chair so don't underestimate us.
Kieth Richards telling someone if catches em taking drugs he'd hit em? I'd hit him back.
So that's what being in a bands all about, working hard for pussy?  Just  like expressing self me.
They put their thumb on the  e string and muted the  a string back then. Must just sound better.
British invasion on sky arts, showed em how it's done.
That'd be me porn star name, Bollox basher bonehard the  cock father.
Watching the God channel out of interest, don't worry, havnt gone mad.
Life's better than this junk shit. Painful but livable.
Them  ileaf ecigs are the shit. Small, lasting battery and all wattage need.
Prides gonna save me I hope.
Riffs in me ead have got wah wah pedal to em, could play em on bass and get guitarists to  play it.
Just seen another a fella in a chair playing flute for gear, needs to man up.
Next lass that goes awww to me I'm gonna bite em.
Dre says he's still got love for the streets so he's got heart. Won't be expecting any back though.
Male domination is either fun or safety, everything else is shame.
If uve only got ego respect for people and no heart felt respect for people u can go  and suck off  a moose.
Food likes a bit of sweetness.
The food needs bigging up. Ie. Girls.
. Wanna right best music can but don't like attention, must be hard to deal with if get it.
Nervous energy it is.
Gav says he's like that with his hands too and he's a proper guitarists.
That's probably why tweet so much.
Putting that energy into me bass playing atm, need to do something with me hands.
If told me before fire could never drum again would say would kill self, but  humans can adapt to anything.
There's no  competition with me, can't help it.
Just been distracted and came up with  a couple of riffs, need to lock me bass away or sumint.
Could play me bass all day but better being productive. Was same with drumming. All day.
Playing musics like escape and need control over it. Not to forget bout the other important stuff.
Cookings my next obsession. Like my food and don't want others getting near me while eating.
If use eliquid at ridiculously high wattages u'll probably end up spending same on eliquid as do on smokes.
Took me a while but got the right set up with these ecigs now. Moving onto the next obsession.
Space jam eclipse is fav atm, more earthy than the sweet stuff.
Just got an ileaf 50watt. All power need. Anything above is ridiculous.
Thinking  a 100% vg gold and silver will taste like  a cigarette without the sicklyness.
Think mark. E. Smith  in his heart does give  a fuk. Just doesn't like alot of people.
Like that 50cent song 'u don't  like me, but don't care coz don't like you anyways'
These people that go round disrespecting harmless people want to be punished.
Nothing perverse bout anal sex, been round since the dawn of man. It's mature to talk about sex.
Humble to the food: ie. Women.
can preach, but mean well. Always. Just say what thinks right
Demons are  like flies.
I'm down with encouraging the kids, not shaming em.
Got  a friend that's exchanged
Got to take pride in the equality of man. Shame  creates  arseholes  and makes a big  gap between rich and not as  rich. No poor.
Fear no one, we're all human and we're all mortal.
Peace, love and carnage means to only express ur  anger through art.
If people  think they're above  u, they're below u.
Doing some more t-shirts on that t-shirt designer thing, it's great. Can say anything want on em.
Me bros my gym buddy atm. Roar of the barnards.
Will probably make music in head better going to gym, coz it's quite energetic.
Just  looking for lust atm. Loves dangerous.
Got to keep ur eye on them, workers. Some are opportunists like all the rest.
Taking me supplements, going to gym. Roar of the lion. Don't wanna die.
What u eat has more effect on ur health than exercise. I'd eat ur greens.
Pauls dad actually tried to pay him to go to school.
Was with ash in English and we didn't go much, Mrs thackeray rubbing her clit on my elbow, dirty fukin bitch.
Miss winding up them teachers at school, that was the most fun
That'll be meditation and that.
Takes bollox to work on ur positive neurotransmitters, then u can through anything.
Kieron said I was the cool kid  at  school coz was bad and still got good grades. Never saw it like that.
Heard a few  people say if someone proper breaks ur heart u never get over it, for the rest of life?  Jesus.
Only better than people that stand in the way.
Want thumper to feel pretty.
Anyone can learn to read, unless dyslexic. They need some kinda inspiration or sumfin.
People have got a decision when come out of prison, to get a boring job or do exciting crime. Must be a way round it.
Have totally got  into this Vaping, prefer to smoking now. Don't know if it's a trend coz don't hang with them  kinda people.
Nobodies anything more than alright to me, great if they're down and some do great Stuff.
Feels alright calling drugs junk, wanna be staying away from that.
Having sympathy and liking punishment is the same thing.
See Beatles influence in slashs music. That she's so heavy riff. Fukin  love that song
We're all in different worlds pursuing our  interests.
If ur interested in  music u do it doesn't matter if think it's great or not.
Seen a lass musician that refuses to categorise herself or her music. Rock and rolls bloody interesting mind.
Proper look up to classical musicians, takes years of practice.
Me chemistry teacher at school had a thing bout wife swapping, dirty bastard.
Would never interfere with love between 2 pups, every  pup to their own
That's all some girls deserve, TAKING!!!
If had met thumper earlier in  life would've just taken em.
He's a friend from the past, just bumped into him. Don't hang round with him or owt.
Just spoke to someone that's just come out of prison and said there's no rehabilitation in there. Doesn't change em.
The woman is the mother and the man is the bearer of the sword.
Wanna meet people that are totally self sufficient, solar panels and growing own vegetables. That'd be alright.
Encouraging all this corporate powers is like sitting on me dick. Gonna make u wet.
So we have to use the devil to get better than the devil. Then can rise up  in fairness.
Ay, was right that formaldehyde thing in ecigs is  propaganda bullshit. Nobody vapes at  them  temperatures.
People that do shit u can't should be an inspiration, no need for jealousy. If they're  a dick they've got issues.
Suck at me  u suck at urself.
Proud of my innocence cock suckers.
We're all better than power freaks.
If family had enough cash for a decent laywer we could've sued the NHS for fire was in.
High and mightyness turns u into a Coward.
Want to do good stuff for people.
Feeling the pride, healthy pride.
Only whore is a lass u can't trust. Other than that, people.
Saw mark. E. Smith do  a gig once in a chair, that's encouraging.
More control got over self, less need to control others. Serving and safety.
Feels intrusive that empathy thing and pretending someone else,  someone's tried to do it with me.
U just say how ur feeling then others relate
Hope got some good shit when all recorded. Lyrics are gonna be hardest coz new to it
Ay, the devil's a good tool for peace.
Try and be loyal to another man's women me unless love em.
They'll be kids going round wearing sons of anarchy jackets won't there. My  cuppa tea.
Looks like have fun in them biker parties.
Kinda seeing how these programs bout crime in tvs similar to life. Starts in life. Up for the cleansing as much as anyone else.
Love arousals different to lust arousal. More pure.
Pride  in sobriety or shame  in the hole, a choice.
