Not to mention he's plucking numbers out of thin air
He just does not understand the complexity of society. "Let's just stop the immigrants" is not going to solve anything, it will worsen it
Farage is making a fool of himself here. His policies will turn Britain into a bunch of backward uni-cultural xenophobes
Glorious isn't it? https://t.co/UAUuO4N6y0
Blue skies, hot weather, and I'm stuck inside writing my dissertation.  How depressing...
Jordan spieth you beast
Hoping the iPad at home is charged, because as soon as I'm home, it's nonstop coverage of the masters until Sunday!
Dissertation was finished this time last year, I have yet to start mine for this year 😥
Nigel Farage has no idea what he's talking about.  He's utterly delusional thinking immigration is the cause of everything
Jersey Boys, what a show! Truly incredible cast with unbelievable voices.  Will definitely be going again!
My god, my timehop is so boring.  Have I just been inside doing nothing for the last 3-5 years? #oldman
Absolutely superb ending to #Broadchurch. everything came together perfectly, and worked out the way it should have done, bring on season 3!
I don't like adverts... No one does. But whoever came up with the new money supermarket ad needs a promotion!
Today I turn 22, the age at which it seems I can no longer be a sporting prodigy. I'm going to have to give up the golf pro dream I think :/
FINALLY, my dissertation proposal is submitted and I'm up to date for the semester! Now for 3 well earned days off :)
It's times when I'm at my most stressed that I can't help casting back to just after exams, chilling in the garden with a beer
I have seen so many Thailand travel photos that I could provide a map of the entire country w/ landmarks scaled precisely to the nearest mm
Just capped off a rather stressful day by walking into a door #life
Incredible response to the #CharlieHebdo attacks.  The aims of the attackers to silence the magazine have only been counter productive
Happy new year!! Here's to a successful 2015
Terrible news about Clarke Carlise, hoping he pulls through, he's been a great ambassador for football
If someone could enlighten me on how this is believable, that would be great #tinder http://t.co/5TWuSWVTPV
Just seen Bruno Mars' new video, the guy just oozes cool #nohomo
I haven't been a cricket fan for years, but this show of unity for Phillip Hughes is touching #63notout #putyourbatsout #RIP
I do not believe Glen Whelan one bit about that apology, he was sorry he got caught, not sorry for what he said
Uni is absolutely killing me, I'm starting to forget what a day off feels like...
I got to see Duran Duran too! Fantastic band live #8rocks
Had the most incredible night at #8rocks tonight, so much money raised for a great cause and I got to experience I with my favourite people!
It's worrying how backward some people are. Looking at this 'Britain First'  page troubles me deeply. They are just so ignorant it's stupid
Can't believe Boardwalk Empire ended, absolutely devastated! My favourite show finished :(
BOOM! 3 wisdom teeth out.  In and out of the surgery in 3 hours, not a bad session!
Off to have 3 wisdom teeth removed... #funtimes
Very sad news regarding the death of South African goalkeeper Senzo Meyiwa. Always horrifying seeing someone being taken away in their prime
Fantastic result for the lions today, an important 3 points! #COYL #thatswhatwedo
Just  received this text... #interesting http://t.co/PlKP4blNEr
So the old woman in that picture happens be my grandmother.  Thank you Jack Whitehall for that rather… http://t.co/PoSOTWZxOp
That old woman @jackwhitehall was ranting about on @league_official was my Grandma!!! WTF?????
After toiling away for hours on my profile, I've finally joined LinkedIn.  Feel free to add me!
On antibiotics for the next week, and I'm not allowed to drink alcohol! Finally a legitimate excuse not to drink
Missing the Saturdays at uni where I got to watch soccer Saturday
Sat in the staff room with The X Factor on in the back round.  I can feel myself slowly going deaf #disaster #pleasecancel
Very sad to hear the news of Joan Rivers, even at 81 it felt like she had much more to give #RIP
Are you fucking kidding me?? http://t.co/R5fto3ay1P
That was the worst movie I have ever seen, and I loved it #sharknado2
Giving into the hype and watching sharknado 2 #wishmeluck
With all the lows I've had during my education,and the hours spent grinding in the library, it's finally worth it. Today was my proudest day
Today I graduated with some of the best people I have ever had the fortune of meeting. I wish every single one of them nothing but success
Congrats to Germany! Shame the final was a bit dull but oh well!
Well I'm back in the UK and feel like complete death, today is going to be a struggle...
Time to come home :/ #tilnexttimeamerica
Eurgh, packing to come home, really don't want to leave this place. I am far too relaxed! #allgoodthings
Ordered 1st legal drink in the US, asked for a beer, waitress looks at me with utter horror before saying "I thought you were about 10!" -_-
Pretty sure my fiver on Brazil to win the World Cup is down the pisser
Just seen the most spectacular fireworks overlooking the bay next to Lake Michigan, America does know how to celebrate! #4thJuly
July 4th here is amazing! They really go for it! True patriotism on show here
Celebrating Independence day today, an opportunity to do everything that is profoundly American! #murica
Refreshing twitter frantically trying to keep up with this game, gutted I'm missing it!!
Leaving a day early for America, looking forward to getting out of here for a couple of weeks!
On the way to wimbledon for a spot of tennis on centre court!
Just secured a job with @ted_baker !! Buzzing!
Had a delayed viewing of the England Uruguay game. heartbreaking result, very difficult to take as a football fan
Fantastic game, USA definitely good for the win, played with a lot of grit and determination, this is why I love the World Cup!
Well...shit, the first game I bet on ends as a particularly dull goalless draw. That'll teach me! #typical
Come on Nigeria! I've got money on this game! Get your fingers out your arse!
These Hondurans are some angry bastards!
The fact people are saying our performance was 'promising' that's how we should have been in the warm up games, we need the cutting edge now
Fuming, we put in a good performance and lose to a team who will most likely not win the World Cup, we have no chance at progressing far
I can't deal with this, I might have to look in taking up smoking #earlycardiacarrest #worldcup2014 #ENGITA
Chile failing to capitalise on any of their chances, would love to see an Aussi equaliser #worldcup2014
What a nod from Cahill! I knew he picked up a few things when he was at @MillwallFC !
One hour off then the most important match of the day- Chile vs Australia #cantwait #worldcup2014
Finally getting out on the golf course again for the first time 9 months, should be an interesting one... #mulligansinplay
It's a beautiful bright sunny day in Bristol, and what better way to spend my time? Poker tournament in a dark card room
Took a "what is your mental age" test, turns out I have the mind of a 60 year old.  Sounds about right #oldfogey
Spontaneous trip to Rome for a couple of days? Don't mind if I do!
What can we learn from the carlsberg World Cup advert? We're only going to win the tournament by cheating #worldcup2014
Got to feel sorry for athleti, resilient until the end and unfortunate to concede so late, but congrats to Real Madrid #championsleague
Oh bloody hell I wanted Derby to win, QPR are so boring!
FINALLY finished all my exams 2 weeks after everyone else! 3 years completed at UWE, can't quite believe it! Time to relax for a bit now
Found out that my masters degree starts October, finishes September next year, with a 15k word dissertation over summer #nosummerforjames
Most recent mark- 66, average mark 69.9, this is going to come down to the wire #racetothefirst
As soon as I've finished exams, I'm probably going to spend most of my time reading @VictoriaCoren 's books, they look like great reads!
Well arsenal finally won a trophy, certainly did it the hard way! Congratulations #facupfinal
Typical! First day sitting in the sun for about an hour and I burn my chest #whiteguyproblems
Must stop looking at social media whilst revising, can't stand reading about everyone who is finished! #depressing
In the Vauxhall garage getting my MOT done at 8:30am, and Timber has just come on in the waiting room, I hate my life
Elena Baltacha has died of liver cancer aged 30, devastating news for someone so young, thoughts go out to family and friends #britishtennis
Come on athleti!
A truly disgraceful, cheating performance by a team who only knows how to park the bus, I wish Chelsea nothing but failure
Fucking hate Chelsea, such a bunch of cheats and timewasters with no respect for the integrity of the game, I'm an athleti supporter on tues
All the lights in my room are dead, I'm revising in complete darkness #dedication
Could bloody kiss @ScottyMalone28 right now, huge goal for us that gives us a great chance of safety! #COYL
Well after a years work my dissertation is finally submitted! 9972 words and 68 pages, it's in the hands of the dissertation gods now!
Our first BBQ of the year! http://t.co/SUD7tTmeha
Congratulations to @rhysdaviess12 for completing the London Marathon today, all for a great cause! I think I might just sign up next year!
All essays finished, woohooo :)
9 1/2 library sesh, 400 words #standard
First draft of my dissertation done!  Roughly 9350 words, can't complain with that!
Played a 114 strong poker tournament tonight, cashed in the top 8 and made £150 with 2 other UWE poker players, #buzzing!!!
Livid doesn't even begin to describe my feelings towards today's result, not being able to hold a win against 10 men is pitiful @MillwallFC
If you come into the library talking on the phone, I already hate you
Transcriptions finally finished, I must have typed up 20k+ words this week, 99.9% of which I won't even use #depressing
Not eaten all day, going slightly delirious #foodismotivation
Book review done, now time for interview transcription, the most monotonous of tasks...
That's the magic of the cup, Wigan do love a good cup run!
