Fifa only la not like I got anything to do
DAMN PLOT TWISTS
OMG ARROW. WTF WTF @farislodin
Productive day please
Wanna be at the hillsong concert in malaysia too :( spotify it is then
you people came to UK to study or for a fashion show? -.-
Pure happiness 4-2 bitches
4-1
FUCK OFF CITY
Juan Mataaaaaaaa. Fuck yeah!
Fellainiii
Fellaini v Yaya Toure. Mother of giants
Ashley young!
Come on you reds! #ggmu
Shoes will take 6 weeks to come. Better be good!
beginning of April and i spent so much already -.-
Shopping addiction -.-
My two oldies! Missing them everydayy http://t.co/Ufl791LHK7
Whoa damn alot of people went Amsterdam right. kinda miss that place tho
Certainties, Secret Trusts, Charities, Non Charities, Resulting Trusts, Constructive Trusts, BLEHHHHHHH
Gotta stop waking up in the afternoon!
Got myself a new blazer yay
What you do when your landlord doesn't provide a dryer haha http://t.co/BdTVi3eo2o
July 19th, balik malaysiaaaaa
lol fuck actually forgot to sent in my acceptance letter to City U. hahahaha
IMMA G TO THE D
Taeyang - Eyes, Nose , Lips #nowplaying
I just want wings wings and wings
Can't wait for the exams to be over and be back in Malaysia, even though it'll only be for a month.
Still procrastinating. Actually slept from 2 to 5. What the fakk
The ending of Fast 7..
Fast 7!
Germany, Greece, Spain and probably Prague this summer. yayerrzzz #brokeasfuark
cooked lunch, got a haircut. productive start to my day. now time to study :(
Desperately in need of a haircut
Slacking slacking slacking
We came here to shop, not to study http://t.co/RzhaYyenMI
Empty library is the best
Spring break, London. Winter break, London. Easter break, London.
London why you do this to me :( http://t.co/ziUys6sTID
stupid assignment so dry i'm falling asleep here man
'One day you will leave the world, so live a life you'll remember'
The Script - Superheroes #nowplaying
It's been a year since I got my blue suit for crown night. Next crown night is in 3 weeks. New suit otw?
Exam mode on for the next 6 weeks. Can't afford to drop marks! #LEGGO
EXHAUSTED
Leggo #CEG15
Still laughing at the fact that I'm facing @ngcalvin20  tomorrow for mixed doubles haha
PS4 and FIFA for #CEG2015. More reason for you peeps to be there!
#CEG2015 happening today. See you peeps and may the luck all be in your favour!
Holy shit tomorrow is gonna be tiring as fuark
Exam ending on the 22nd of May. GERMANY GREECE SPAIN AMSTERDAM LEGGO
Deadshot is so cool
FUCK GUYS THE NEW EPISODE OF ARROW @HarisAsri @farislodin
I fucking hate people who ffk la.
Satisfaction when you trash someone fifa online hehe
I feel like I got conned a billion times this year
Three is beyond fucked up
bichester village next week, yay or nay?
United wins!
WHAT A GOAL
Juan mataaa
Liverpool v United. Come on you devils
stress level high as fuck
Time for a pint
Barca v PSG and a Madrid derby. Can't wait!
When oceans rise, my soul will rest in Your embrace. #nowplaying
probably gotta start camping in the library from now on till exam ends
Handsome lah @LuqmanoHakim http://t.co/GWhSjRRnv9
Looks like i'll be studying in London this September.
Exhausted.
Waited 21 years to learn something new. Money can't buy happiness. Finally understood it clearly.
Baller mode
哪裡有彩虹，告訴我。
Mistake to extend my stay in London
Got my bar offers today. One more step to be a barrister!
Fucking hate it when i can't sleep and I just have to wait for time to pass
fuck you @HarisAsri
Bar offers coming out today. yayyyyy.
Racists jokes are the funniest jokes ever
london london london
Can I just lie in bed, with chicken wings and watch series the whole day?
bodoh lah man uuuu ishh
Can't wait for the FA cup game against arsenal later. a victory would be so sweet
Time you gotta slow down
woke up with a pimple on my neck. MY NECK. what the fuck
Holy shit that was the funniest and most intense  in between game ever in my life lolol
why is three always eating my money :((((((
Lappy is coming today yay
productive day indeed
Bad bad fifa day
so tempted to get the germany jersey. gahhhh
Stop hiding that computer of yours to bitch about me. If you have anything to say, direct it at me. I dare you. Bloody coward
Bloody hell spent 45 mins in bed watching Malaysian vines
This country is already so cold, the fact that i'm sick..i'm freezing
Fucking three. Always fucking me up
Caught the flu bug. Meh
NO MORE SHOPPING. TIME TO EAT WHITE RICE ALL DAY ERRDAY
So tempted to throw this useless comp out the window. Microsoft crashed on me one day before my 9am tutorial. son of a bitch
When you're desperate, you pay rm40 for nasi lemak. No ragrets
Brain fried after a whole day of EU. Had 4 mini chocolate chip muffins, and I'm a happy boi
Alienware 15'. Yes or no. Baller or hobo
Fell asleep doing EU. That's how boring this subject is
Power naps are the best
Tiring la supporting United at times
House is gonna be a casino tonight aww yeah
2nd CNY abroad. Luckily I  have my 2nd family to celebrate it with. Happy CNY guys :)
My house. Its clean. HoomaiGod
Talking bullshit with the housemates has got to be my entertainment everyday
Someone send some CNY cookies please.
Fucking FFK. Wanna FFK Me tell me earlier la.
Anwar's representatives, i respect the hell out of you all
Judiciary system in my own country is a big joke.
Some dimsum would be great right now
Mehh feeling nothing but shitty
Well fifa at least I still have you
