Have I ever mentioned how much I love @beth_hastelow cause its a lot.
The best food related pun to Tin Turner's music
What's 'chicken jalfrezi' go to do?
Maybe its because they are 'tough'
I don't know why they sell cleaning products as if they are gangsters
So hungry but still can't leave the house
Silverlight is the worst plugin ever.
Decided that I'm not drinking till Reading beer festival. I need a break
Only 3 hours left of work before I can go home and start a new season in Diablo
Anyone for meat? http://t.co/ZWQpKj6kBT
After having my hair up all day then taking it out I feel like I don't look like myself
I have 4 keys to @BlizzHeroes who wants in?
Well I give up, being choked doesn't make make feel wanted
Please leave my room. I literally don't care about your stupid nitendo Bullshit
Today I made an awesome lasagna and almost ate the entire thing
GG English weather
So its bad to look at the canal and think "wow that's going fast, I want to jump in and drift away"
Drinking with a guy that looks like @notch he's also Swedish. Doesn't like minecraft however
Really want to brew again sometime soon. Thinking a nice malty stout or porter
I feel like I might fall to sleep at work
Well I guess this is all the motivation I need to buy a new phone
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
Just lead the team in siege damage, hero damage and xp gain. All while playing on what seemed to be 10 fps.
Back when I was a mini golf pro, as you can tell by my form http://t.co/mT8LYdvxW2
I guess this is the day I find out I'm a human cyborg sent back in time to kill John Conner
So when I put my thumb over the usb port it thinks its connected to a pc
I'm in bed
Phone has declared its connected to a computer
Just got scared by my own shadow
Only an hour left
I'm on the road to being very drunk at work. Fukken lol m9
Can't even express right now.
Wow, just wow.
I feel like I'm stuck in a funk, an impassible funk.
Sigh
Eugh, not impressed.
The navigator is being ignored
Just did my annual look through my old blog, it's awful on so many levels.
Watching the best episode of the Simpsons ever
This is the longest I've stayed in bed for a while
Free t-shirt. Yes thanks
Phone claims to be fully charged I unplug it and its on 17%
Got told off for talking along to Hercules. I'm sorry I thought this was England
I guess I have lost weight. These Damn trousers won't stay up
WTF Google chrome why will you no longer support Sky Player? that doesn't make any sense
Everything happened at night. There was no lighting at all. So I spent most of the time looking at a black screen.
Last night I watched the latest Godzilla film and I have to say it was the most frustrating and annoying experience ever
Oh yay tonight got even better.
Eugh.
After visiting @binghamsbrewery to pick up 20 litres of space hoppy I now smell like brewing and it's amazing
Gross the seat is still warm.
What is the games industry coming to?
Oh you influence her decisions about her pregnancy incase that wasn't self explanatory.
There is a game on steam called 'pregnancy' were you influence the decisions of a 14 year old girl. #GamerGate
Having colour blind friends is funny
*insert picture of my hand*
Hashtag whoops
Why can't humble bundle have an official app my phone is too stupid too install the unofficial one
Seriously why does everything have to be some sort of event in American culture. Why can't we just drink in our own clothes
So far it seems I have to buy fabric for a toga then pay entrance to a party I'll only be at for a few hours. #PartyHard
Also females that wear Togas are sex workers
Like only Roman citizens are allowed to wear them
Cause the wiki page about Togas is very interesting
How come people complain about stereotypically dressing as a nationality. But not with Togas
Blizz heroes is so much fun. Won both my last games with come from behind victories from good team work.
Apparently Berkshire is a place where they need stronger rat poison to kill mutant rats
Once again I appear to be wearing all black again, oh well.
I enjoyed that sun for all five minutes it was around, stupid rain.
I want to play video games but my head is killing me
Been up since seven been watching peep show. And its only 2 o'clock
Oh Juuuuuuuulian
So thirsty
Can't leave bed. This is awful
My snapchat is a mess of videos
Cause This cold is the worst
I mean underrated
I'll tell you what's over rated, breathing.
I'm thankful for my friends
Oh god I haven't get this anxious ever, even worse I can't get in contact with the person I need too, can I just die please?
Lee gets home, Internet Tanks.
Damn Heroes of the storm is too much fun, and I appear to be good at it, which shocks me.
I would love to finish work and go home
A game where you brew your own beer and run a tavern, I'm sold Orcish Inn
A fucking toga party, seriously how fucking stupid. I don't want to drink like we don't have indoor plumbing.
Time to grind some levels on Diablo
#ThePeopleNeedToKnow
I wonder if any of weird Al's music was content ID'd for stealing on YouTube.
The perfect Simpsons reference no one here to appreciate it
After reading a bunch of CAMRA books I want to visit some new pubs in the surrounding area.
Writing that tweet almost made me forget my bus change #Priorities
Start work in 10 minutes haven't left the house. #FuckYouAlarm
I had a nightmare last night that everything I tried to stream was in 360p. Possibly the scariest dream ever.
My nights plans my have been changed with the addition of getting into the Heroes of the Storm Beta.
Thank you secret admirer for my card, and knowing about my deep dark secret love.
Annoyingly I have to go to the bank as well.
I've been asleep for like 12 hours. I wasn't even tired this is a mistake.
Shouldn't really be making myself comfortable before I have to leave for work.
My dentist just text me, I haven't been to that dentist in 2 years.
That's how I know this guy from Better call Saul he is the actor who played Vaas in Far Cry 3.
Also why am I up
Walked into a door handle. Very much a lot of pain
Guess I have no food for this week
So busy I'm a wreck. So glad I have work again tomorrow at 10
Oh man Divinity Original Sin is amazing
Damn it Steam
Holy shit Mac is in lost
It's oddly satisfying wearing trackies sans underwear.
Managed to stave off an unwanted nap by getting up and walking around
Never wanted to be more alone than I am right now.
My plan for the rest of the day is to lock myself in my room and not leave.
This day gets worse and worse
I seriously cannot get to sleep
My stomach is making all kinds of ungodly noises
I also feel immensely ill from all the pizza I ate
Annoyingly I'm wide awake
So much butt hurt from that last play call.
Oh internet please not today of all days.
Light bulb finally went in my room after so many years
Snowing like crazy outside and I'm inside playing Diablo 3
I'm so achey
Struggling to stay awake.
My evening is free. I have nothing to do
Thank god the bank was a simple 5 minute thing. And not an awkward purchase
#PerfectTweet
Also if the bank thought someone else was using my card they should at least call me more than once to notify me my card has been cancelled.
Damn it HSBC declining my card again for a purchase I've made before.
My netflix redirected to a T-mobile site, was very strange.
Watching lost when Suddenly...... http://t.co/1vhOo7KScy
I really hope that phone call I just missed wasn't the bank calling me to tell me they cancelled my card again for buying a humble bundle.
Hmm I'm hungry but it's very late to be cooking burgers.
Phone just booted up in safe made, didn't realise that was a thing.
scratch that it's just to buy into the Beta for £30, fuck that I'll wait till it's released and free to play
Oh wait it's in Beta now, but still I'm in
Holy shit I got into the Heroes of the Storm Alpha, I've been waiting for this for months
And she wonders why I get annoyed
