Just gonna watch the leaders debate with all 7 leaders, just so I know who to vote for
I choose the wrong teams at the wrong times
Same goes to Fulham and burton
The bets humped, bayern, get in the bin
Never thought I'd ever say that
Come on Celtic
F1 Championship Edition:
-Start at Toro Rosso 
-Red Bull Test Driver for rest of season after just 4 races
-Sacked
-Ferrari No.2 driver
I've done so little
The guy honestly looks like he's just been fished out the fire
Some guy is geeing me the evils in the hospital, fuck off mate
It's almost produced a, civil war like motive within the Racing Community.
Driver or the grid person was a man. It's like you're looking for arguments.
It's just, it's not degrading, if you're on that podium, it's an inevitability. It would be a different story if it were a different...
Why wait till now to kick up a fuss? These people are just determined to be offended.
I feel like it's more of tradition other than sexual discrimination, these people choose to do this, and it's travelled through the ages.
Personally, I don't see it as a problem as they probably expect to be involved in the celebration in some way, even if it's being soaked.
I'm seeing some rant about some woman complaining about a grid girl being soaked by the champagne by Hamilton? This has caused media outcry
Ricciardo done a Webber
Its like Hamilton deliberately tries to find something to moan about. Too backward like I said.
And I can't find anything decent to watch, time for a new show to take over
When your immunity is really low and something like a cold hits you, you're pretty much humped. Just don't have any energy and stuff
Barbaric event
I don't know what to think of the Grand National
Championship Edition is quite hard if I'm honest, just going to go Fernando in the Sexy Renault R26
When it comes to music, I blatantly ignore the up and coming and continuously listen to the classic age, a previous decade or so ago
Hamilton is just too backward in my opinion, plus the social media goes full idiot when the F1 is on
Taking my good air
Brothers do literally fuck all to help, actual cunts
Some guy got arrested for wanting a go of the car, what an idiot, they won't give you a go
At least it's F1 weekend
I'm in for the cold
Tonight was kinda iffy but
I'm right or I'm underestimated
Like, it does look a lot different, be worth trying it http://t.co/Ausk3N26OG
Had doubts about a different hair style, but it's looking promising, may be in for a change
I get this buzz over social media notifications, sad I know.
My world orbits around Motorsport, live and breathe for the sound of an engine and great racing. Motorsport &gt;&gt; You. F1 is my pinnacle.
I'm sure that guy has a fake moustache on #ScotDebates
The thing is, you can make progress on debt
Why did I try again
Hmm
It's another incredible day
If today's weather was summed up by a song, it'll definitely be "Here Comes The Summer - The Undertones"
Kurt Cobain died 21 years ago today, I don't know why I thought the 5th was yesterday
Blue
Black
Navy 
White
I have this dress sense that pisses everyone off, I like being believing that I'm on point when I'm really not
Really good day out there, no let that go to waste
You drive me up the wall
Not a die hard of Nirvana, but I do like some of their songs
Pick that out
What a tidy finish that was
That goal was tidy
Feeling confident about Arsenal
All of them are tossers, but if I were to back one, it would be Clegg
Tea boy Clegg makes sense
Don't mind people taking about my colostomy, but I heard that some people were gonna hide my spare sets in school as a joke. That is not ok
And they just get it all, everything swings their way all the time. Everyone knows their cunts, they don't do anything to help themselves.
Fucking hell, never even had Internet till I was like 15
Every cunt moans at me for being on Netflix and the connections dodgy for them, but it's alright for them when I'm trying to play.
I'll do the work after the Indycar
Really want to watch the Indycar tonight
I think I was literally in only one picture last night, and that's on snapchat
Right, number 2 is just a future thing
Sticking my neck out here for this season
1) Kimi will win a race (Belgium)
2) Max will be future champion
3) Ferrari/Williams get a pole
Said to my mum about voting Tory. If I did, she'd kick me out and not disown me, but my dad said it the opposite way round. Make any sense?
No one else would've
Anyway, be lucky you got a free drink off me
Right, I think someone bumped a drink off me last night
See this bed, no leaving it
Affronting that
Just remembered I have to get blood tests tomorrow
Just deleted all my emails carefully but still paranoid incase I've deleted something really important
Ayrton Senna would have been 55 today, would've loved to have seen him live to be honest, in his sanctuary
It's nice outside
I'm not bright enough for mastermind
I completely forgot about applying to mastermind ages ago, they've phoned me telling me I'll be considered for the new series after talks 😂😂
Senna would've won one more, DC would not be noticed till later and Hill wouldn't have won a WDC, my thoughts
But we never know what could've been
The last Brazilian world champion was Senna in 91, like 24 year ago was the last one
I actually can't speak in English
I lead an inside life
Just feel like watching Rocky
If it was someone else they talked to like that, they wouldn't be breathing
Wee brothers are 12 and they think they run the joint
AVU
