New star wars trailer is awsome. Have faith in the new trilogy.Tatooine looks sweet with all the destroyed ships from the original films.
https://t.co/uCl3R3m3ck star wars episode 7 trailer 2! @_ilm4tic @LiamYDG
The definition of hype http://t.co/R0QDtqwlFm
Trapped in the Trap
Why get on a bus knowing you smell like a B.O Bastard?
Girls look so happy in tampon adverts, shouldn't they be loading double barrels and sharpening there pitch forks?
After yet another mission impossible film we get to the point where we realise for Tom Cruise, these missions  are very much possible
Corn flour feels horrible,  its like cotton wool it just makes my skin crawl
Not been THIS exited for somthing in a long time!!!
So excited for Saturday!!!
You aint hip, without a hit
Anyone want to drink tonight?
The weather is disgusting
Dont start work for another 3 and a half hours. May aswell make a decent breakfast
Takin 'Xannies poppin' percs might not last, ill bomb ya first, turn your backseat to a hearse
Had weed drying  in my room while i was at work all day. Smells loud in here
Working on a beautiful day like this makes me feel sick
Definitely having a bbq tomorrow
Might have to get a bbq on the go up the park tomorrow. Just chill and have a smoke. How I have missed the sun
Exchanged my £££ into €€€ for Amsterdam! Its looking gid
Oh aye http://t.co/eYR4ex5JVL
Forgot how good make friends with the colour blue was. Niel smith shreds
Miss the bandstand bangers
Why did I choose to bomb through the high street and through the glen on my board,  im sweating bastard now
Been waiting for this day off for ages and now that its come thers nothing to do.  Think I was just looking forward to the sleep
Was gid http://t.co/uBbcu3HbvK
Want to do somthing decent for my birthday. Just getting fucked isnt all that.
Just going to start reading bleach again. On days as boring as this its well needed
Fear The Walking Dead Teaser Trailer "Good Morning Los Angeles" AMC [HD]...: https://t.co/gPH6J91Eqm
Tokyo ghoul is brilliant
Syrup got me throwed, mouth is full of gold
Season final of the walking dead tonight. Should be good but you just ken a mental cliff hanger is awaiting the end
18 days and ill be in Amsterdam. Just keep going your almost there..
Sick of getting woken up at the same time every morning. Cant people just be quite? Nothing makes me more angry.  Wastemen
This joint will kick the shit out off me. Isnt there anyone to smoke this with?
Why did I drink lastnight...
Want to drink so badly tonight
A member of a shite pop group lieveing is below the bottom of my list of things to care about
And once again you see the ever on going repetitiveness of social media.
Ordering my 3 day camping @Creamfields tonight. Better hurry
Ill just buy a bottle before hand and bev in my room with a half eaten pizza
Cant even get steaming on my one night off cos someone is using my ID...
Walking dead was brilliant tonight. Rick should have destroyed him
Got like no one on snapchat. Add me. Trafalgar_lou
When the fire starts to burn
Maximum hype
"Bouncer are asking for ID, looked straight in my face and said "thats not me" I was like fall back my G, manna with skepta and jme"
Going to buy some new clothes for Amsterdam on sunday i think
Soup unit is complete. Ill di deserts next just so I can make something chocolate http://t.co/nFXwnMtkPm
New tony hawks pro skater announced to be released this year
Definitely fancy a drink on Saturday
Cant wait to get out of Scotland for a week. Breath of fresh air
Watched god bless America lastnight &amp; to be honast I agree with almost every point the main character made. Canny resolve it with an AK tho
Watching that deep sea exploring with David Attenborough lastnight had me amazed. Shit looked animated
Not got a day off till next Sunday. Oh the joys
Was pretty cool tho, last one I seen was when I was very young,  cant remember it at all really
Cant believe china thought a dragon was eating the sun during an eclipse millions of years ago. It would be allot cooler than that im sure
social media is so repetitive.  Especially Thursday.  Curss throw backs.
Just so happens Sony confirmed 6 days ago that its still in production
I mean its been in production for almost 8 years now
Is the last guardian still on its way or have they just abandoned it?
Trecking tag. Hiatchi and bobs road trip
Finally get to listen to kendricks new album
"Not one text all day" so what? My texts have been dry since the year 06 mate.
Wish I had a shower with a seat in it. Would actually never lieve it
New matrix trilogy in its way. Oh ya fucker
Really hope I have the walking dead recording.  Won't make it back from work before 9 and cant remember if I put it on record
You ken someone is swedged when they give you a hand shake just for finishing your drink
Might have to download @Crunchyroll
Must have watched every film on sky thats actually worth watching. Thot I would give godzilla a second go. Still shite
Bleach better return this year
Listen to Promesses feat Kaleem Taylor by ~ Tchami ~ #np on #SoundCloud
http://t.co/TLS8XbAs6D
Amsterdam has narrowed down to just me and zak going,  not long now
Star wars bounty hunter heist film coming to cinemas December 2016. Thats hype
been listening to songs all night that aren't dance or rap. Decent change to be honast
9 rollies to do me till Wednesday..
Got a big tattoo project for Marnie to do for me in mind after the dam
house is so chilled when no one is in
Went to get my mum some flowers for her birthday and two hoes come up to me

"You shouldn't have"

Oh a didny
http://t.co/7hexgEnWUe I'd like to say this is a milestone in skateboarding
Just got soaked by the fucking hose by my boss,  working the rest of the day in Wet whites...
Mushroom, garlic and thyme soup http://t.co/MN7iVvG5ow
Want to visit Japan at some point
Anyone want to come for a cuppa
LVL up
Im giving myself this joint for valentines day.  Im welcome
"Wear her builder's arse as a hat"
Allready been told ill be the one cooking when we get a flat. Unfortunately Expected
Nothing like hearing an amazing song for the first time. But hearing an amazing song you haven't heard in years is just Euphoric
Making what looks to be a banging cheese burger with bacon
This cough is somthing else like
