Gosh I want a tattoo.
Nervy about the doctors ://.
Ben Howard // Black Flies
Abs I need abs.
Going to the doctors with multiple bruises. She's going to think I've been attacked. Drenge you have left me broken.
Ben Howard just sends me off into nostalgia.
Cuppa time.
I feel broken.
Apologising to the bassist for accidentally groping him because he stage dived on me.
Shit graphics make me sad.
Bruising so much. I think I am disabled.
Such a fun day ☆
I am swollen.
Let's pretend that everything is alright
Better, better
- these lyrics come to mind
Security gave her the drum stick as well and I was heartbroken @bloodredshoes . She wasn't even a fan.
Still distressed that some girl at Leeds fest didn't let me on the barrier to see @bloodredshoes when she was waiting for the band after.
Jimmy Eat World // Middle
Foals // Inhaler
Doing ab workouts. Nope. I'm not even asthmatic but I think I need an inhaler.
American Apparel summer playsuits and dresses are so cute, but so expensive :(((
Cba movingggg.
Without mistakes there would be no progress.
Can't wait to see @drenge tonight, fucking hell.
Ugh I've ran out of cheap make up and don't want to sacrifice my expensive make up for my art. Ffs
Wasting foundation on art. Yay
3 fave
I'll put me dick in thee owl
Speccy cunt
Square goal eye
Lol why the fuck am I listening to Enter Shikari at this moment in time?
Tomorrow should be really fun :))))
Drenge tomorrow :))))
It's all good I have the wifi password :))
What to wear
Act your age and try another year.
Hope @CNoone96 has done her squats today.
What to wearrrr???
Alan Rickman &gt;
Waiting for latex to dry. Urgh
Someone said they never see me leave the house. Er duh I have Netflix and noodles I'm alrighttt .
Guess I get it from my Uncle. The difference is he is minted and I'm not.
Love spending money on people. It's stupid really.
I think this face mask has bonded to my skin lol.
North / South divide
Country clubs make me sick.
So temptied to order proactiv :((((
Really want a tattoo.
Someone make my a survival guide on how to live in London plz.
Coffee and chocolate while sketchbooking :))
I swear too much
Papi
What a pretty fire.
So ill effing hell.
Annnd sleep.
You complicate me, not complete me.
Urghhhhhh fucking month now. Why do i do these things?
Think I need a cuddle after that episode 4.
Sand snakes &gt;
Episode 4 No
Little fingerrrrrr noooo.
Cersei is stunning though.
It's just an opinion we all have themmmm.
Ramsey is a cutie.
Episode 3 ahhh nope it's too late to turn back.
FMP is killing me.
Little Finger goddamnnnn in episode 3
Urgh feeling moody and in pain.
And some Stan smiths
Urgh now I want a fringed jacket now.
It's begun.
Found the GoT episodes. Do I watch them or pace myself?
Dear parents

Leave me the fuck alone.
DRENGE ON WEDNESDAY
Good tan, flares and a toned body. Summer should be alright.
Feel so weak lol.
