Sometimes I wish i could see throughout the whole even if was just once.
Now sit back and enjoy the light show.
The height difference is crazy but, me i love it on the dl.
Bring the lights down.
Money makes the world go round
Money makes your girl go down.
When people are such beg friends..move
We be all night
I just can't refuse it, like the way you do it.
Fake a smile and continue.
You shall sit with me and we shall bitch about people together...favourite type of people
Them times you go training just to pree others 😂
"I miss you, all day, every day. And you can't even imagine how pathetic it makes me feel, because I don't even know if you miss me back."
"The right guy is out there for you"....(but it was supposed to be you)....
If i dont get married, i would be happy, as long as the man i wanted to marry had a loving wife already.
Know you're place, Play you're position,Stay in you're lane.
Definitely lost my way.
This kid is forever worrying me
On a levels, its becoming a madness.
this child should just be here rn like oh my garsh.
You can do whatever you like, just so beautiful
Que no deberíamos frío pero lo hacemos de todos modos.
http://t.co/wc6pngrSbT
cuddles would just make my day, everyday.
Sometimes not treat me like a fool.
when you say something so cute, it makes my heart melt.
lemme count my blessings.
We do it anyways.
Three hours sleep maximum
When people text you in caps but will never use that tone to your face 😂
such a beautiful boy, if only he saw it too. 💕
I have my wings to carry me.
Everything going from bad to worse.
Losing the only person who was in your corner, worst feeling ever.
Angel ♡
Want it all back
If i ever got given that second chance, i would hold onto it and not let go for sure.
http://t.co/tnlgeltKv1
your my end and my beginning.
miss the babe..
Everytime.
I cant stand it
http://t.co/p9HdS2aPNq
I belong with you, you belong with me sweetheart.
I really don't know what to do
I give up
One of the best Saturdays
Fuck this shit, im going to be a stripper.
I miss you. .
Paaaaaaaarty
Fucking hell
This holiday is going to be good, I have a feeling.
My sisters are growing up too quick.
Looking so unattractive atm with this bruised cheekbone.
Lifes unfair.
Everything was so good
Typical. 
One bad thing leads to another
Happy birthday to my bestiie @KeepItHackz_ 
Enjoy your daaay....
If only I had my own house..
I wish I was close to you right now.
Fully on this friday. I acc cant wait
Life fast. Die young.  Bad girls do it well.
ffs, was having a good day
Times like this,I wish we were together
Forever feeling high
Work-out.
You and me together until the end of time
