I think #LeanneWood is winning tonight's #GE2015 debate #SkyNewsPoll What do you think? http://t.co/WUrXPRz6RL
Go Bennett go fucking slay
Leanne Wood makes me so happy, what a babe.
Leanne Wood is speaking the trurh #BBCDebate
It makes me so happy to see the women slaying #BBCDebate
WHAT A BURNNN YOU GO STURGEON
M8 I dont think slagging off the audience is helping you very much therw
Does he have any arguments that dont revolve around blaming immigrants? ?????
Idk how such idiots can get into positions of power so easily???
"feminism is female chauvinism" are you stupid??? how often were you dropped on the head as a child???
you just dont give a fuck about how you make people feel, youre so selfish its insane
I hope ur insides rot
im so fucking angry i want to break something
im so fucking done with you and your shit, you cant fucking treat people like that.
caitlin sorts out all my problems shes like my fairy godmother lmao
im really really gland that we exist at the same time
I love hanging with caitlin its so chill
I dont care I dont care I dont care
im so in love???? http://t.co/1OmJA11YAC
we'll name our children jackie and wilson, raise them on rhythem and blues
when you talk to god bout suicide, when you never hear back hope ur still alive.
bc its sunny I have like 8 billion more freckles than usual im practically a freckle
ur very presence on my tl annoys the crap out of me can u not
toothpaste kisses is the sweetest song
lmao who wants to sleep 4eva its me I do
shes also telling me that im going to hell and then jail for not having a baby in my tummy.
my youngest sister is talking to me bc I told her off for biting me
carolines adorable bless her
I have jam in my hair help
im fucking insane but my intentions are gold and my heart is pure
he hit me and it felt like a kiss
jim morrisons voice is insane
Natalie Dormer slays
I love how sassy Sansa is tho what a queen
although idk why cersei was all sad n pissy bout Tywin dyin like fo real did u realise what a dick he was lmao
that was pretty glorious I love game of thones so much
DUUUUH DUH DUDUH DUH DUHDUH DUH (dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun)
im litro almost peeing myself w excitement
I have been waiting for so long it feels as if they r actual people that have been missing from my life
GAME OF THRONEESS
"tell me elizabeth how excatly does one suck a fuck?"
people say some fucking stupid things
YO YO YO 148-3 TO THE 3 TO THE 6 TO THE 9 REPRESENTING THE ABQ WHATTUP BIATCH? leave it at the tone
im so so sleepy but the book im reading is so so good
just want to pretend that it never happened can we do that pls
do u ever regret something so much u actually feel sick thinking about it
yo pupils absorb light they are actually black holes we litro have black holes in our faces how weird is that
litro my fave comic ever yo http://t.co/5fTNvvK9rL
political parties and their policies cont http://t.co/n1UsXBEiTF
if you're eligible for voting I feel like its really important that you read these http://t.co/5SGvajGzeu
#explainyourusername theres a radio show character called Flora Diesearly who surprisingly, dies early on in the plot.
im laughing so hard this is gold http://t.co/FM7RJ4Z1kp
the hook n sling remix of ultraviolence tho
im glad that caroline is my back up wife so if we arent married by the time we are 45 we have each other and wont die alone&lt;3
im so angry rn??? like i litro cant control it???
caroline is so precious and i will protect her with everything i have i s2g
so glad I have another week off couldnt handle skwl 2morrow
