So do I have to wear white tonight too? Or just for the home games?
I'm already tired. I hope I get a second wind by 9 tonight. I'm sure I'll get it. #GoJetsGo
Omg someone on fb posted this. If I saw this I would die hahaha http://t.co/CpNtvbmVyt
Where's everyone watching the game tonight?
Absolutely LOVE seeing all the Jets gear everywhere... this city loves their team.
Wish I could be wearing my Jets gear right now
So we slept with the windows open which I love . Except the neighbors rooster woke me up and he won't shut up. True story.
Yay playoff game day. Go Jets Go!!!!!
I should sleep.  I have a busy day tomorrow
How many hours till the Jets play? Anyone?
Holy shit Calgary
So I turned my mom's hair blue again today. Not as blue as the last time.  More on pale silver blue. She won't trust me anymore haha
@grounder76lol awww cute
Holy wind batman
Ok seriously I'm in line at mcds getting ice cream and a bevie and someone walked up to my car begging for money. Ffs get a job.
Winnipeg transit should do this for the Jets.  They did "just married"  on my wedding day haha http://t.co/7gZrLRVM6x
I have the giggles
Waiting for playoffs to start is driving me bananas. This shit is bananas. B-A-N-A-N-A-S . haha
Yay Tims finally had the mushroom soup. That's one of my favorites. Happy dance
Making changes in life can be scary but I refuse to be a what ifer. I want to live life my way and happily.
A rare appearance from scardy cat Tripper.  Comes around only when he thinks  I'm sleeping http://t.co/jfowpSgEy2
One more sleep....Woohooo.
Night time cuddles with my grumpy cat Princess. 😙 http://t.co/QbiDmO27FI
Could almost use a nap in my car before driving all the way home
It took me forever but I finally heard the winnipeg Jets playoff anthem song. It was pretty awesome.
Hate seal hunting. I love seals they are one of my very favorite creatures. 😢
My clients know me pretty well love my hockey love my Jets. http://t.co/WUH2L8Ntb0
I hate when you smile at people and they look at you like your crazy.  Dude I'm just trying to be nice don't be so suspicious. 😛
I'm ready to go home now
Boo still two more sleeps and a very long day before we get to see Jets playoffs
Wow I'm up stupid early again. Boo
Should go to sleep but no rather play on twitter haha
Having a snuggle with this guy. http://t.co/wC0cveMxea
Don't you hate when you have shit to get done and your not feeling it.
Truth http://t.co/UmXsNZFcKb
If there's a game 7 it will be on my birthday... that could be a fun night out. I hope that we win it before then though.
This is me haha http://t.co/bIG0eV1Gg6
Omg i just realized I'm going to miss game 2 because I have a wedding. 😢
Making Swedish meatballs.
This cake is going to give me the diabetes.  So sweet
