Seeing 98.9 at many gas stations
Monster delay on Marion Street after 30 minute train has cleared
Marion crash clear
Marion train clear
Crash delay north band Archibald at Marion. Big delay.
Stalled semi north bound Main at Norwood Bridge. Delay
Train stopped Marion/Archibald
Train Marion/Archibald
Berry/Sargent clear
Stalled truck blocking south bound Berry at Sargent. Also affecting east/west
Seeing 89.4 at a few gas outlets
Henderson Highway near MacLeod now open
Henderson closed btwn Leighton and McLeod . Macdonalds fire http://t.co/rO6czUOleA
Henderson closed between McLeod and Leighton. Big fire at Macdonalds
Henderson closed both ways either side of McDonalds fire on McLeod http://t.co/FTpz803dZr
Crash Burrows and Shepherd. Small delay
Windy light traffic drive so far
Lights flashing red Goulet/Des Meurons. Small wait
Broadway and Sherbrook clear. traffic was snarled but tow truck and bus now underway after some big towing issues .
tow truck hauling bus has died blocking Broadway at Sherbrook
Cadets directing traffic Goulet at Tache. Lights out
Keewatin stall clear. No lineup
Ellice/Furby just cleared
North bound Keewatin at Burrows stalled vehicle. Big delay
Ellice Furby crash cleanup. 1 lane each way
3 vehicle crash delay south bound Main at Leila.
Predictable drive times....although East bound Portage approaching Sherbrook a bit slow.
Stall at northbound St Mary's at Tache now in bus Lane. 2 through lanes open. Lineup improving
Dead car north bound St Mary's at Tache' . Lineup already
4 trains just cleared Waverley
Portage and queen street clear
Dad car eastbound portage Avenue egg Queen Street Ctr., Lane
Easy drive so far.
East west no problem on Canada Way but no south bnd access to Sturgeon due to smashed vehicle and emergency crews
North bnd Lag by Windsor Park / St Boniface way slower than norm
Great weather and light safe traffic so far
Gas sticking at 90.4 plus assorted scattered discounts
Kenaston crash clear.
Re gas price. Many at 90.4 and 86 cents at Costco-Regent Ave West location.
Big Big delay North bound Main approaching Riverglen. Hearing a very short green cycle...backed up almost to Chief Peguis
West bound Portage at Cavalier. Crash. Just one lane closed. Small delay
Gas price down to 90.4 at many outlets
Crash. North bnd Kenaston Btwn Grant and Corydon . Big delay
Big delay South Bnd St Mary's Rd. approaching Bishop Grandin. Right lane. Dead truck. Also affecting DUNKIRK.
Big delay southbound is St. Mary's Road heading to Bishop
Gas prices 91.9 with a few at 90.4
North bound Main near Shooters crash. No longer any delay
Major crash delay multiple rescue vehicles northbound Main Street by shooters golf course
Major crash delay northbound Maine by shooters golf course
Bishop St Mary's now clear
Minor crash bad spot eastbound Bishop at St. Mary's Road right Lane
Injury Crash eastbound Corydon at Borebank http://t.co/sTHoceg89q
Crash east/west delay  CORYDON / Burbank http://t.co/o3J0sBWdqk
East bound Corydon blocked by injury crash at Campbell
Eastbound Coridan Avenue blocked by a crash
Portage at Smith clear
East Bnd Portage at Smith hydro truck left lane
Crash Eb Fermor right lane blocked and SB beaverhill blocked entirely.. Suv hit a light standard
A little haze in and around Winnipeg
Gas up to 97.9 at a few locations
Slow train east perimeter and Ravenhurst
Big delay eastbound Logan at princess left lane dead car
Northbound main clear at Selkirk
Northbound the main delays fire truck across two left lanes at Selkirk
Sherbrook approaching Portage slower than usual. Extra lane closures
Nice to see gas prices staying at 91.9 most outlets plus scattered discounts
Big east bound Portage delays just past Maryland. 2 right lanes closed
Expect east bound Portage delays just past Maryland. 2 right lanes closed
North bound McPhillips Jefferson open
North bound MCPhillips closed at Jefferson after late night truck pedestrian fatality http://t.co/mLYnq31LgY
North bound McPhillips closed approaching Jefferson
KENASTON crash clear
Crash delays southbound Kenaston passed IKEA
stalled vehicle North bnd Lagimodiere at Grassie near Grassie off ramp . Not much lineup yet
Lagimodiere Betournay now open. South bound delay improving with newly opened lanes
Major south bound Lagimodiere delay. Crash at Betournay
Lagimodiere Patterson lights back on. No delay
Crash south bnd Lag at Betournay. Single file big delay
Lights still flashing Lagimodiere at Patterson but lineups now small
Lagimodiere Patterson, across from Springs Church, lights flashing red. Big south bnd delay. Small n bnd delay so far
LAGIMODIERE / Patterson lights flashing red. Big North/south delays
Keewatin Burrows now open after fatal morning collision
South bound Keewatin closed at Inkster. Burrows also closed at Keewatin. Fatal bus pedestrian collision
Traffic signals now working St Mary's Rd and entrance to St Vital shopping centre
Burrows and Keewatin closed east and south bound
Southbound Keewatin is blocked at Burrows right now after pedestrian hit by a bus.
Anticipate imminent closures Keewatin at Burrows following bus pedestrian incident
Serious bus pedestrian collision Keewatin/Burrows. Police on scene
Lights flashing red St Marys Rd at St Vital Shopping Centre entrance. Delay
Everyone back to school as of Monday and back to work today but still quick drive
Marion train clear
Light drive this afternoon...aside from scattered plentiful trains
Marion Archibald North bnd train
Another Waverley train. 9 since 3pm
Another Waverley train in never ending stream
Trains keep coming at Waverley
Waverley clear
Spoke too soon. Another Waverley train
Last of four trains just cleared WAVERLEY.
Litany of trains at Waverley
Aside from a few trains the Monday morn drive easy
Easter Monday makes for light traffic quick drive
City police confirm a crash at Regent and Lagimodiere. Up to 8 vehicles are involved. Officers, fire and tow trucks on scene. Big delays.
Most highways around Winnipeg are dry
Outbound a train stopped at Ravenhurst
For vehicle crash southbound Route 90 portage underpass
Lights out Bishop Grandin/Waverley. Big delays. No police
Lights out Main and James. Cadets directing traffic. Big southbound delay
Beautiful morning. Very light drive adjacent to long weekend
Selkirk Ave now open
Selkirk Ave fire closes Selkirk just east of Salter
Big delay crash south bound KENASTON past Sterling Lyon
Oh wait there's another train!
Garbage truck blocking right lane southbound Osborne Street just passed Stradbrooke
Waverley clear
Train is still stopped on Waverley 45 minutes
Train has been stopped for nearly half an hour on Waverley
Train stopped Waverley
Big train Waverley
Lights are out at Salter and Notre Dame. Cadets are on scene directing traffic #Winnipeg
Hargrave Street still closed at St. Mary Avenue
Gas 93.4 at many locations
Light traffic easy drive
Hargrave closed just past St Mary Ave. Police tape. St Mary Ave open
Kenaston Scurfield clear
Car fire North bnd Kenaston at Scurfield. Left lane. Big delays
Gas 93.4 at many outlets
Big fog Highway 59 near birds Hill
Edmonton St closed from Broadway to York 9am to 3pm
30 minute+  train inbound east perimeter and Ravenhurst just cleared
Police, damaged vehicle, tow truck on shoulder. No delay South Bnd Lag at Perimeter
At Waverley 20 min train cleared, gates up, but lights still flashing
Crash west bound Nairn at Chester. One lane open
Cleanup continues from overturned semi on perimeter just north of Hiway 3. Small delay http://t.co/eNyDaEp84w
Spring break means quick traffic
Delays now small on perimeter North of Hiway 3 junction where semi overturned overnight
Cleanup continues on perimeter North of Hiway 3 after semi overturns overnite. Small detour/delay http://t.co/T96OJj6I0o
RCMP say the semi that rolled on Perimeter near Oak Bluff was hauling produce. Clean up continues, driver not hurt.
Crash, overturned semi on s perimeter just north of hwy 3 jct http://t.co/p2t4Omq4bC
Still some police cars on scene along the Perimeter Highway after crash near Hwy 3 overnight.
Stradbrook is completely closed to traffic between Wellington and Nassau Street due to emergency pavement repairs. Follow detour signs
Waterfront blocked at Higgins
Truck across westbound Higgins at Maine
Monster delays on Waverley train to keep crossing
Back to back trains on Waverley
Burland Street open
Edmonton St, closed from 9am to 330am between Broadway and York
Update: westbound Burland St closed again just east of St Mary's Rd
Burland Street now open after car fire
Vehicle that exploded and burned on Burland St http://t.co/HSDLmYPsqF
LAGIMODIERE/Dugald stall clear
Stalled car hazard southbound Highway 59 at Dougald Road
Car fire now out on Burland just east of St Mary's Rd http://t.co/4IlOo98P6B
Young street fire blocking Young Btwn ELLICE and Sargent http://t.co/9kBX9aTxmO
Young street still closed between Ellice and Sargent. Fire
Burland Street just east of St Mary's Rd closed due to car fire
Young blocked between Ellice and Sargent. Major fire
Rush hour volumes down but Jet traffic to MTS Centre imminent
Waverley train clear
Slow WAVERLEY train
Kenaston crash clear
Big delay crash northbound Kenaston approaching Mcgilvery right lane
Northbound crash Kenaston approaching Mcgilvery big delay
Crash west bound Nairn at Panet
Pieces of pallet on North bnd Concordia overpass. Hazard
Route 90 approaching LOGAN backed up to Dublin
Route 90 Saskatchewan clr
Edmonton closed today from Broadway to York from 9 till 330
East bnd York just past Main. Stall.Hazard
Train crossing Provencher
Easy ride so far. Roads dry. Very little ice
Seeing some gas stations down to 97.9
Very windy drive but most roads drying off . Good drive time
MCPHILLIPS/Mountain just cleared
Southbound at McPhillips at mountain down to one lane
Cadets directing traffic Brookside/Inkster.
Inbound Keewatin crawling dead vehicle right lane approaching Logan
TransCanada now open west of Headingley
Highway eight crash clear
Rollover on south bound McPhillips just before perimeter. Vehicle in water filled ditch. Crews working to extract 3 children and 1 woman.
School bus rollover highway 75 near Glenlea Research station. Adult passengers. Multiple EMS
http://t.co/ldpzay1BDv
Multiple cars in ditches along 59 heading north from Niverville.  visibility not good
The westbound lanes of the TransCanada Highway are closed between Headingley and 5 km west of Elie because of a crash.
Traffic lights still out Centerport Canada Way and Sturgeon Road. Various vehicles in ditch. Poor driving
Hwy 75 south bound shut down due to a big truck on its side in the median south of st adolphe.
School bus rollover Hwy 75 near Glenlea Research Station. Appears to be adult passengers. injuries. EMS just arrived

Sent from my iPhone
Crash Has Closed Hwy., #1JustWestOfHeadingley
COLLISION: WB #1, about 7km's west of Headingley both lanes blocked.  Emergency crews on scene.
Streetlights traffic lights out Centerport and Canada Way
