Lunch shifts are a waste of my time.
But in the mean time ill shower and get ready to leave for work. Boo.
I am travel hungry. I want to go on more and more and more trips.
Was another good night at work! Leave for Toronto in 77 hours! Time for bed. Need to reset!
I definitely don't feel like going out into the world today. boo. Off I go.
Finished the walking dead season 3.  Soooo good.
Hopefully can sleep. Feeling super frustrated on top of my already stressful life. Lot in my head right now.
Blood pressure is feeling pretty fucking high right now.
Tax return in.. guess I'll just save it in my bank and use it to pay my property tax next month. How fucked is that. Tax return pays tax..
Nurse Jackie season 7 is back! Yay.
I don't understand  what payments on square charge 3.5% and what payments charge 2.75%. Whats manually entered transactions ?
Got my new square credit card reader. I love it. Took a while to figure out how to get it to work but works now!
Stress levels too high. Don't know how to ever get them down.
Hot tub quick then bed. Really quick tub. Need sleep asap. Lots to do tomorrow again!
Yay got a fancy new hair straightener.
Was a great morning shift at the trade show. Sold out of all bbq sauce.  My sales skills are awesome. Haha
I don't love being up this early on a Sunday.
Boo have to wake up at 8am tomorrow for work boo urns.
Yay finally home. Only one more long day tomorrow. Then back to normal shifts monday!
7 days until Toronto!
Omgosh it's late again. Bed time. Gotta be up for long day tomorrow!
Glad to be home long good day! Two more long ones ahead at work!
Got my vip to see @AdoreDelano again! Yay!
exactly one minute until tickets go up for sale…. I better get my VIP.
8am tickets go on sale for @AdoreDelano for Edmonton June 6 pride! Need vip again this year! I love Adore!! http://t.co/Us9z21wBWQ
Omg it's already 2am. Gotta be up in a few hours. Bed time!
Okay, time to cuddle up to boo!
I get pay day then bill comes in the mail. Its a never ending cycle taking my money. lol
Such a beautiful day today!
Got so many achievements last night on xbox one with @CoreyRylee . He's turning into a little gamer there . haha
And they didn't move the furniture. I guess it'll get done in a few weeks now. Fucks sake.
We got a lot to deal with but we get through it all. I love my @CoreyRylee
Had a nice drink with @da_simply and @CoreyRylee
Glad I picked up a shift at work! Worth the money!
Under 16K!
6am to film instead. so early. lol
Corey did good raking the yard! Got 4  huge bags full! Still lots of work to do. But I can't wait until everything starts turning green!
Need to eat breakfast. So hungry.
Yay ! The floors are getting worked on in suite 4 right now!
Xbox one update
Everybody's sleeping. Dogs and boy. Guess it's just to join.
Little baby is so cute sleeping. Time to cuddle up! Gonna be an early day! And long
Making pizza for dinner with @CoreyRylee and coca cola to drink. Mmmmm Going to be yummy.
My work pants and shoes are literally falling apart. I don't want to spend money to replace. So I guess ill just look poor. /sigh
Glad another day at work is done! Mom and dad went to my suite 4 to move all the living room furniture. Living room floors installed tmrw!
I'm feeling rather blah today. Far too much going on. Just keep pushing through this long week and hopefully it goes fast. 6 long days ahead
Off to run errands then to work. Definitely not feeling like working today. Hopefully it goes by fast.
Hair cut and eyebrows done!
Well at least the living room floors are scheduled to be done in suite 4 tomorrow morning. Then just kitchen bedroom and floors in 14 left.
11 Days until Toronto vacation! A lot of stuff that needs to be complete prior to leaving!! Hopefully it all works out.
Alright, need to try to sleep. Just praying things get into place tomorrow and each other day this week. This weeks causing a lot of stress
Goal this week. Get through these renovations in the condo. Get debts paid down. Get through work and keep head up and stress down.
Well got through day 1
Stress levels always too high.
Just a regular Monday at work. Time to head home.
I am pretty much over with this day and this week.
Getting theses floors for suite 4 organized is a major headache. Going to be even worse when the job gets started being there. Uuugh
Problem when I go on vacation next week making sure Luke actually goes outside with the dogs so they don't just sit by the door. Ugh.
Boo still no return in the banks yet.
Why haven't I been using fabric softener ever before.
No more water for dogs before bed. And they are going to get heir ass kicked down the stairs before bed from now on.
April 6 tomorrow beginning of a new week! Going to be a LONG 7 days ahead. LOTS of work, condo stuff, bills etc.
Another night of work done. Work was good today, but only because we cut down to 3 servers instead of 7. phew,
Bed time with baby!
14 days to Toronto!
izombie is such a good show!
Well at least I won $20.00… not 25 million. booo
Time to check if I won Lotto Max!
Work was good!
Cant wait to get my tax return, unlike most people who waste their return I'm taking my entire return and putting it on my car payment!
Yay! Taxes done!
Glad the flooring was dropped off to suite 4 downtown today. After 3 months of waiting. Definitely excited to get it installed next week!
Took my dad for a nice lunch today! Had a good chat!
Need a shower to wake up!
Bought four boxes of cinnamon toast crunch and am getting four awesome shirts mailed to me! YAY. Cant wait for new clothes 6-8 weeks LOL.
I don't appreciate when people tell me they are going to send rent and they don't. Guess people don't need a place to live either.
Time to see if I'm a millionaire.
Glad i picked up a shift tonight!
Shower time quick and off into the beautiful April 1st snow storm to work hahaha.
Picked up a shift, good… need money and hours. Hopefully its busy and quick! Don't need days off until debts are down!
To work tonight or not to work… hmmm will it be busy… should I pick up a shift……. I do need the money but don't want to go in for nothing.
I don't enjoy putting away my laundry lol
$1122 more off. 18.297.42 left woooooooooo. Lets keep moving down!!!
SNOW April 1st, boo, not unexpected but still shitty.
17 days until vacation number 3 with my @CoreyRylee!  Toronto!
Good night at work tonight. Time for bed with boo !
I really don't appreciate paying my heat and electric each month when its like $340/month. DAMN YOU Direct Energy being so expensive.
Oh the draw is tomorrow night , 35 million… PLEASE. I need that. haha
April 1st! 1/4 of the year is over already!
Lets see if I won the 35 million tonight…. PLLLLLEASE.
I didn't love the movie Home I saw with Corey, I can't stand how the aliens talked. OMG.
Back at work. Hope it's a good night and out quick!
Starting yard feed. Feels nice to clean up the yard and house and get rid of stuff.
Got The Sims 4: Get To Work Expansion Pack. Cant wait to try it out later tonight!
I cant believe its already the last day of March. April 1st on Wednesday, so much to do in April for house, condos, trips work. Busy times!
Oil changed. Another thing done. Work time. Hope it's a good Monday night.
Dropped off my car for oil change. Hopefully it's fast. Walking to go get lunch now!
Omg thats by far enough walking dead for tonight. Need to cuddle up to baby and sleep asap, another long day tomorrow. Never ends haha.
Work was good. Need to sleep but can't stop watching the walking dead haha.
Feeling quite ill from Corey's birthday last night.
Got two free octoberfest shot glasses at Sobeys with liquor purchase. Coooool
Got the final Hobbit movie today on blu-ray.
Corey birthday today was good, was work decent. Happy to be home with the boys.
Got free Fast and the Furious Forza Horizon 2 add on.
Friday night shift done, nothing amazing for a Friday night. Glad to be home.
Not really feeling motivated to leave and go to work. Noo, boo.
Forza hub is updating too, whyyy is everything updating. I love updates.
Yay. SingStar PS4 update file too! Hope some new good songs!
PS4 system software 2.50 is out. Finally I can delete my 0% trophy games like Xbox one. And some nice other updates.
I want farming simulator to come out NOW for Xbox one. Lame.
I love free forza horizon 2 expansion add on. Then $9.99 after April. Yay.
New Japanese Zen Garden building in Cities: Skylines. Need more buildings in future updates!
So tired. But can't fall back asleep. Booo
Okay need to stop tweeting and go cuddle up! Night world!
New York &amp; Disney world are definitely next on the list to travel. Then Europe! THEN when my surgery is done AFRICA and TOKYO and S.America
MMMMMmmmm my Glade Pumpkin Spice wax melts smell amazing. Im so happy I got one!
Theres so many trips I want to go on with Corey!! HOW CAN WE GET MORE MONEY AND TIME
22 Days until Corey and I go on our third holiday! Going to spend 4 days in Toronto! Never been out of the airport. Super stoked.
19,410… and counting down.
Waiting on Couponing reimbursement cheques, money from work and money lent to friends to come in.. that will help pay down debts..one day..
Ahhh iZombie is soo good, walking dead is so good. Time for my favourite. Sleep and cuddles with bb.
I wished me and baby had unlimited amounts of money so we could just travel and have a beautiful life and not have to both work so hard!
Got me a fancy new yellow zip up hoodie and a fancy new green and white sweater at Simons. Yay new clothes. So much more needed!
yay good paycheque today. Well for a serving job hahaha, pays working 7 days a week.. lol
Wish I had worked today. Hate taking days off and losing money.
Did great couponing today.  YAY
Good night at work for picking up a shift and not working normally. Was worth working it all the moneys add it. hard to take days off!
Wells, I better get out the door. Another day.
Another 900 off, 19.700 left. WOOT UNDER 20K!
Picked up Tristyns shift tonight, need to keep those hours and money coming in!
I hope they build the road to Europe from north america through Russia and Alaska. That'd be so great! haha
I lost my calculator. My life is ruined. Lol
Another payment out. $20.597.04 left. woot. Going down fast.
Cuddle time with my favorite.
Time for bed with the bb! Need a good sleep. Sleep restarts us for tomorrow! Lots to do tomorrow as always!
Not too bad for a Monday, good thing it was just Liz and me on, more then two servers on a Monday wouldn't be good!
Shower time and then time to head back out into the world!!
Floors FINALLY scheduled to be installed April 6 in one of the suites, can't believe its finally TIME. Then still waiting on the other suite
I can't believe were already at March 23. 7 More days and we have done 1/4 of the year already holly.
Time to play video games for a bit. Been so long since I have played. Been working so much.
Watched the first episode of izombie. Definitely need to see the next few before I know if I'll like it. Seems interesting and fun so far.
I shouldn't have eaten so much before bed. definitely feel sick now. Sleep time!
Good busy Sunday night. Yay.
What a long shift at work!
Feeling rather down and tired today. Not really feeling like working. But I need a lot of money with expensive life right now.
Got 488 airmiles grocery shopping today and yesterday.
It sure is hard being a person.
What a waste of my time Friday shift.
Rough rough morning.
Had a nice 6 months dinner with Corey at the Irish pub.
Got 3 glade auto sprays for my room, lukes room and one bathroom. They are great. Make the house smell nice
Stove in suite 22 installed. One more thing off my to do list!
I really want Lukes taxes to come in so I can get some money back he owes. I need to get rid of debts, too much stress.
Another payment went through! 20.848 left! WOOT. Cant wait to be under 20K.
Today is definitely a country music listening afternoon as I get work done and clean and organize my life.
Don't know why tenants have to be so uncooperative when getting new renovations. Were upgrading your suites. Work the few days for new stuff
I hate how I'm so tinny that when I wake up my stomach hurts cuz after sleeping it's so empty. I wish I had a bigger storage unit!
Going to sleep mad. Waking up sad.
Not the most wonderful sleep ever.
Trip booked to Toronto With @CoreyRylee! First time out of Toronto airport. Excited to tour around! Only ever landed in the airport.
Well my $45,000.00 car is half paid off now! YAY. Gotta just keep working and get the other half paid off this year!
Babe bought me my favourite blue flowers. Blue orchids! I love him.
Well finished Day 14 of work. Day off tomorrow. Going to get some condo stuff done and hang with Corey. 6 months tomorrow.
Thanks for the cinnamon bun dear! @CoreyRylee
Getting out of bed sucks.
Definitely time for bed with @CoreyRylee. Super sleepy. Work tomorrow morning and night. Long day ahead. Day 14 tomorrow.
What bad service at the Boston Pizza on Whyte Avenue.
Another good night. Still no money. 3 days now boo. Closing bar.
Bed time with the baby. Need a good sleep. Too much stress and stuff to do. Hopefully the shitty scan copies I sent in will do. Ugh.
Time to sleep, I hope the pad I bought for this bed made out of bricks helps..
I need to go to bed, getting so irritated, technology isn't working. STUPID SCANNER&gt; UGH. SO much shit to do tomorrow and all week and life.
Im getting really fucking mad.
Why is my fucking scanner not working. So irritating.
Don't know where to sleep tonight, have one bed that hurts my back, and the other one is wet. fml.
Finally got my BMO pin reset. Took 30 seconds at BMO, just had to get there to do it!
I appreciate when people don't reply to me in a conversation. Very productive.
Balloons with smiley faces on them make me happy when they are in my room.
Finished The 100, season 2. Ended so weird. Totally confused now.
Was good at work today, unfortunate that they still don't have my money from yesterday or today.. ugh, bank low. Need to get paid!
Boo I don't like when my car insurance comes out.
Alright, time to get in the shower quick and head out to run some errands and stops before work.
Back in so much pain. Ahh
450 airmails today grocery shopping!
Another good night at work!
Was nice to see Rick today. Wish I could have more days off and money to enjoy life.
Ahh my back hurts so much.
So sleepy. Must open eyes. Or do I go back to bed.
Well.. I don't think I'll be able to sleep on this bed. Ugh. That sucks.
First night in new bed! I hope it is good. At least I got da Cora besides me.
Omg how did it get so late! Bed time!!
Well, it's the end of my bed. Had it for 11 years. Was a good run. Now I just have to get rid of the old one. Boooo
Good day at work today! Good couponing too!
Had one great night at work then one rude horrible customer can bring it down.
So much on the mind but I need to try to sleep. Boo.
