Excellent game @NHLFlames way to silence the crowd
Jones whoo hoo and we r tied
Dorsett you gutless fuck. How the fuck do u have a job in this league
There is nothing in this world that I hate more then the Vancouver Canucks.
Apparently the Habs went to axe wielding school before the playoffs started.
Damn I almost picked Ryan Flynn in my pool said No one.........ever.
The hardest part of being a Canucks fan is sitting down and telling your parents. #GoFlamesGo
Please bring in Paul Fenton as GM.
No matter what team u cheer for, the @NHL Playoffs are the best time of the year. #16winsfor32lbs
My strength didn't come from lifting weights. It came from lifting myself up everytime I got knocked down.
I wasn't put on this world for u to like me.   If u don't like me I dont give a fuck. Don't ask the question if u don't want the answer.
#wcw @bellarinablues @Photo2ography @DrGReaper4 @Holy_Elle @glassslippah9 @NoFearChivette @just_a_chivette follow these pretty ladies.
Red Sox won, my Friday at work and the Playoffs start tonight. Pretty good start to the day so far. Have a great day tweeps.
Does anyone else hate the "promoted" tweets and porn spam on their TL as much as I do?????
Your value does not decrease based on someone's inability to see your worth.
There certain people in ur life that will stay in ur thoughts  and dreams forever. You all know who u r and I wouldn't change a thing.
He's such a poser. What the hell though he's my buddy. http://t.co/cPr2woYao6
My guess is Claude gets shown the door and Todd McLennan is brought in after the Sharks fire him.
Just changed all my passwords to "expired". Now maybe I won't forget them.
Finally my winter fat is one.......now I just have spring rolls.
Flames clinch, Bruins choke and the puppy loves to watch golf on tv. 2 outta 3 ain't bad. Just ask MEATLOAF.
A great night with an old friend from high school. Watching the game a having a few drinks. Nice to see you Cathy.
Someone's ears are finally up http://t.co/nLtAUU3wDw
The little black disc on the end of ur stick....shoot the fucking thing. U haven't scored in 6 periods against these guys.
Well this is a fine fucking game to finally tune in to. Come on Bruins get ur head outta ur ass.
Puppies are the best thing in the world to help a guy pick up girls. He's a chick magnet.
31 goals for Mony what sophomore jinx.
Jesus will forgive but a Daddy won't forget.
I think I'm a pretty nice guy. So why do you feel the need to piss me off to the point where I want to put on a skate and step on ur throat?
I need this day to end. What a shit show.
Well it is finally here. The opening day of the Red Sox 2015 world series championship season. #itsouryear
New pup doing good, Bruins win and the Flames are winning right now. Pretty damn good day even though I have this head cold.
Welcome my new best friend Cooper. http://t.co/nsWTznIOzN
Have a great day to all me tweeps. U are all great and bring something special to my life. It wouldn't be the same without you all.
