When ur friends are hella babes :/ http://t.co/puvqJAKUUI
"A six grader at maywood can get more likes than u" -my 12 year old sis!!
Imagine if bothell made it on snapchat
My family is in the hotel lobby and will not stop taking selfies!!!
art http://t.co/Yb5VA0KHE4
How do girls look cute in baseball hats
Guess who is awake
I finished the sherbet, I am empty inside.
Happy birthday, you are such a wonderful person, you deserve it!(:
It's only 7:54 and I can't stfu, it's gonna be a long night friends!!!
All I have to say is: !!!!!!!!!!!!
Happy tax day!!!
Can't wait for my hot date w rainbow sherbet later(;
Check my story, I promise you'll regret it
Vine killed the teenager.
I'm still awake in case u were wondering
I said last episode at midnight
It's 3:11 and I will never get to heaven
gotta luv late night chats w/ the prius queen
I ate a whole thing of that hubba bubba tape gum and now my tummy hurts :/
Still have no plans to get any sleep
Twitter needs an AED machine rn!!!
My best thoughts happen after midnight
Rt for riannes prius fav for her
RIANNE SHUT THE FUCK UP!!
neomi fell asleep
This man just followed me pls send help http://t.co/tbdQ6Md7kK
I don't plan on sleeping anytime soon
Romantically involved w rainbow sherbet
I hate when people ask me what my hobbies are!!!
Now it's In da club
I am listening to 2011 justin bieber save me
i luv arizona
farting &amp; crying
I would punch myself in the face but would most likely cry :/
I miss u
I'm so disgusting I love it!!!
My parents continue to lower their standards for me, at this point they just want me to graduate (': #blessed #familyovereverything
My parents get so pissed off when I fart it makes me so happy (':
looks like I'll just listen to death grips and eat rainbow sherbet until I pass out (': #SpringBreakUncensored
this photo is truly captivating. http://t.co/gji3gCeM9z
Guys its 7:20!!!
body positivity applies to all humans regardless of gender!!!
my data usage is higher than my gpa!!!
the grand canyon http://t.co/Rq5WWhYB55
Can't wait to finally turn 16 so I can start smoking meth!! :-)
Thirsty 4 starbucks and attention!!!
why do I do this to myself :/
Over thinking things is lame!!!!
Srry I can't I'm hanging out w my mom
guyz I love sexy chick by David Guetta!!!
*cute boy follows me on twitter*
*reads one tweet*
*blocked, unfollowed, and reported*
Rt if I should jump in the grand canyon!!!
2010 top hits!!!
Alabama Shakes
365- u kinda just stopped talking to me
Somebody talk to me!! I can't sleep
Scratch my back
78- u r a tennis legend
666- ur my world
Woods by bon iver is such a cool song
Add me on snapchat for cool teen posts: natalie_busch
23235- you are such a sweetie and I'm glad to have you as a friend (:
0-100 u are so sweet and I'm glad we met (:
10- I really want to meet you!! And you are such a babe!!(:
123321- I love you lots and you are such a great human
15- well lana ur a queen and I love you!!!
535- ur a really cool guy even though I don't think we've ever talked, also ur not bad looking!!
9- I've never met u but u seem super cool
22- ur an ass but that's why we get along lol
99- love you lots, you rock (:
97- eyebrows, thats all I have to say!!(:
00- can't wait to see you at WSU!! We can smock wed 2gether(':
333- I've always gotten a feeling you don't like me
33- you seem super sweet and you're really pretty (:
