The other day at work I watched an eight year old boy hug his little brother and it was cute until the little one said "get off me, fucker."
Californication is such a good show 😍
The weather today is perfect.
If you're gonna be the death of me, that's how I wanna go.
You ain't got nothin on my crew http://t.co/9oJ6zH7sMG
Let's pretend we don't exist, let's pretend we're in Antarctica
I know entei is supposed to resemble a dog (I think) but would you not name this cat entei?! http://t.co/75XntTaIU9
If you love me, I'll make you a star in my universe.
The sun lights up the daytime, you light up my life.
The hand that calls you forward is the hand that leaves me behind.
Read this book out loud to a three year old. There's nothing better. http://t.co/OgtAeQXDzp
My dad facepalmed so hard when I called my dream car (Pagani Cinque Roadster) cute.
I don't know what it is about my personality but every guy ever thinks I'm flirting with them.
Even the good guys are bad guys.
AAAA: All Animals Are Awesome
Dream team. http://t.co/4k3hbnR11J
http://t.co/DhvXlJ3IF2
"It's a great movie. There are jellyfish and a Great Dane and Will Smith." - me
I spent too much time worrying about what everyone else was thinking or not thinking or doing or not doing.
I wish I could go back in time just to remind myself to make sure I'm fully experiencing every moment.
"I hope for the sake of whatever man marries you that he's deaf" - Mike.
I found friends! http://t.co/gZdj2ao6ZY
I'm ridiculous and I wouldn't have it any other way. It makes life interesting.
My phone keeps prompting me to sign into iMessage?
I love this outfit because it doesn't require a bra http://t.co/hYXKJ6BVuh
I forgot that I actually really liked some songs from Pretty. Odd.
She Had The World / Panic At The Disco
She held the world upon a string, but she didn't ever hold me
Spun the stars on her fingernails, but it never made her happy
I'm sure I didn’t ruin her, just made her more interesting
I just want to touch one.
I need a Pagani Zonda in my life.
"Yeah I have the iPhone 32."
I wonder when Apple will stop numbering the iPhone. Or will there one day be an iPhone 15? That sounds dumb?
Catching up with old friends from a way different phase of your life is the best.
I worked outside for eleven hours today. I drank seven bottles of water. That was fun.
Oh, what it takes out of me to lay by your side
I have grown so much in the last month, it's insane.
Someone just came up to me and told me they love my fox tattoo and that they've seen it on Instagram 😊
And my thirteen year old self can't believe I'm about to see Panic At The Disco.
I can't get over the fact that I'm about to see Glass Animals play.
My dad is planning on buying a gtr. So that's cool. That's worth learning stick for.
Enrichment http://t.co/OWztncuCZ2
If you have an iPhone and you've texted me since yesterday morning I probably didn't get it 😟
Traveling to a different time zone for work is not cool.
Say! Geronimo.
I go into Lucky so much that they offered me a job 😍
I couldn't decide which kind of pancake I wanted so I ordered one each. http://t.co/NsC7TCONRy
and I’m sorry I left, but it was for the best, though it never felt right
Fourth Of July / Sufjan Stevens
I'm so glad that Angus and Julia Stone decided to make music together.
Hello? Is anybody in there? Just nod if you can hear me.
Obey your master.
The past two months have felt like one of those dreams where you feel like you're falling except I can't wake up and I'm getting used to it.
I don't have a place to live after this month! Cool!
I love her. http://t.co/fqEkDErwPm
I just walked onto a trampoline floor that I didn't know was there. Do you know how startling that is?
Stolen Dance follows me everywhere.
You ended up being such a waste of time.
I'll keep you my dirty little secret.
This game!! http://t.co/TMy52eOW89
I get to see Glass Animals and Twenty One Pilots this month! And then Alt J in October! And probably more in between! How exciting!
Ahhhhh I got floor tickets to alt j 😍
Indie games are the coolest.
If you have an iPhone, you should definitely check out Monument Valley! http://t.co/p187Rab0yM
It could be the changing of the seasons, but I don't love you anymore.
I just yelled "fuck off" to a fly as three children walked into my house. So that's good.
Curry, rice, and Thai iced tea make my heart happy. http://t.co/xtey9pXHNy
I've always avoided that trait in a bikini.
I found the perfect bikini but it makes my boobs look too good.
Today was such a challenge, but I loved it. Working with mentally handicapped kids is so rewarding.
I'm a loser, baby, so why don't you kill me?
ALSO!! Tonight is the first night in what feels like forever that I have not cried or felt like disappearing even a little bit.
ALSO! The stick and poke tattoo I got like eight fucking months ago is FINALLY starting to heal.
I'm so excited about this 😍
I just found my 3DS charger after it being lost since like.. Whatever year it was that I bought it.
And then this person was just sitting there forever?? http://t.co/r8CFAsm2bQ
There were people on this block of bales of hay being pulled by horses on Pecos??? http://t.co/1h8mpI0bww
A lyric from every album :)
Tear it down, break the barricade. I wanna see what sound it makes.
You're my favorite explosion.
and I don't think you'll ever want to love me
If my roommate drunkenly asks me "what happened to White Car Dude" again I might actually punch him but also start crying on impact
Or to the museum. I talk to myself at the museum. It's a problem.
I have no problem being independent and doing things alone but sometimes it would be nice just to have someone to go to dinner with.
How awkward would that be? Is that rude? I would have to walk through the dining room with my pizza to eat it alone in my room?
My roommates have a bunch of family/their kids in town and they're about to have a family dinner together and I really want to order pizza??
Anytime my roommates see me dressed nicely they ask who I'm going out with and I make up an imaginary person every time
I'm not even doing anything today. I'm just wearing this dress because it makes me feel nice. http://t.co/Yei1S3yREO
Or "free art museum admission"
Is "really easy to get over" a perk of dating me that I should tell guys about
Can I take you high to the mountain sky? We can go as far as you wanna go.
I wonder if this is an April fools joke??? Hm?? http://t.co/MSnpGFGrJf
That was such a stupid tweet but I love bird noises and also I woke up in a good mood??
So many birds chirping this morning :)
"Did you see.. Her markings..?" My dad's introduction to @carrlyrrae's hickies.
Someone that works at this school drives a nismo??
When everything's made to be broken, I just want you to know who I am
Do you ever feel like a little flame being covered up
He has a shock collar 😟 http://t.co/JL3zdWHX3m
Stars / Fun.
Smokin stones in abandoned homes
I missed the warm nights.
I am high off the feeling of having just bought the most perfect dress
The six plus is so big but everything looks so good 😍
I'm just the coolest http://t.co/3lhikuMJf3
I've grown tremendously in the last month.
You've been drinking like the world was gonna end, it didn't.
Took a shiner from the fist of your best friend, go figure.
Feed me http://t.co/umEjC6UQBk
Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry
I'm at work and I can't stop thinking about Washington and how excited I am to go back,
I didn't feel my face getting red. I wasn't nervous and shaky. I didn't stutter or mumble. I am so proud of myself. This is so big for me.
Today I had such a successful conversation with a Verizon store person.
Fly Me To The Moon / Frank Sinatra
We are models http://t.co/fffRBMgwym
I'm learning to like my alien hands http://t.co/gbz0caAVjX
Avery is the best best friend I could ever ask for. She's so great.
Avery: "Why don't you see him anymore?"
Me: "he doesn't like me anymore"
A: "Oh. Is he stupid or something?"
I can't stop thinking about how badly I want a frappuccino. Like I have been thinking about it since six this morning.
Get me out of this state forever please.
We are about to be a quarter of the way through 2015. 😟
This boy is twenty one years old and I used to know him and my mom let him sleep in my house one time http://t.co/abqHdR1TMX
I was all smiles today. Also I'm sick and it's effecting my right eye so it looks even smaller than usual. http://t.co/JADAWS4LCx
"There is no God! Society sucks! Please yourself!" - me to my mom.
I play Alright for Avery and now she says "We gon be alright" 😍
It was more of a yell. I can't scream. But if I could, it would have been a scream.
I just screamed because I drove by a man running with my dream doberman and the man got so startled. Sorry.
Take that, greenpeace http://t.co/jK7hUeQfyg
I look like Violet from The Incredibles when my hair is black :)
Has anybody seen all my wasted love?
I completely stopped talking to like everyone in my life for no reason at all. I didn't even realize I did it.
Hills. Curves. Weird lanes. Regular lanes adjacent with the freeway running in the opposite direction.
Driving in San Diego is like playing a video game compared to driving in Phoenix.
Balboa park 😊 http://t.co/RiKD6EOTu8
The dream I was having woke me up feeling like my heart weighed a hundred pounds
Tiny dots on an endless timeline
😾 http://t.co/1Vs62iYKz3
She puts her head under my hand when I spend too long trying to come up with something to say
I was trying to text you but this cat really wanted my attention so
My outfit for my solo San Diego roadtrip http://t.co/F4Aglw7NMt
I am a challenge.
"We are all broken, that’s how the light gets in."
This guy just sat next to me in the food court and started talking to me and he held my hand for like five minutes?? I felt like dying??
(San Diego)
Who wants to go to sandy eggo with me tomorrow
