Dress up in a suit and dye your hair blonde
"If you went to prom with me it'd be legen...wait for it...dary"
Promposal Idea:
Taco Bell with a sign
"Nacho if this will work but if you went to prom with me I'd be the taco the school."
See heres why I don't believe horoscopes I'm obviously popular https://t.co/kuFIcUCck8
I could be your white knight bby
Have you ever made eye contact with someone cute, and then you're like "well now they think I'm creepy"
Gov got racist lmao 😂 http://t.co/B04Jqmcklt
I'm selling my Xbox and Wii, is this what being an adult feels like?
All A's and B's and I don't really do anything in school
The good news is that we got a 3 day weekend though
"If I went to senior prom single that'd be so depressing."
Haha yeah totally.
HA GOT EEEMM http://t.co/lJwbwWFeFQ
Mr Stallion bout to be hype
Fitness is 50% lighting
I'm a sucker for horrible UFO and Paranormal shows
I only have two classes tomorrow and I'm getting called out of one 👌
I applied to hiyashi today
I don't mind climbing that tree boo
My hair is OP too bad I have to go to sleep
I'd like to nominate "deez nuts" for prom king and queen
"Ur ugly"
Not according to urban dictionary so ha
Don't have sex, you will get pregnant, and die.
I don't feel like I forgot my headphones bc I can hear your music through yours
Got on my leather jacket thriller
There sure ain't nothin iller
Give you girl what she deserves and get her bofa
Who picks the kids that model for dysart?
I am so unbelievably hype rn
When is Phoenix comic con I have to go
“@giambalvogaby: :// let's hope http://t.co/HfC03ScGxJ” lmao me tomorrow 😂😂
Ladykillers x G-Eazy and Hoodie Allen
I'm still getting hudl notifications for football
Just saw like 8 cats cross the road in Sierra Montaña
I've yet to hear a Kid Cudi song I don't like
Oomf is a decent girl it's sad to see her get used
My philosophy is that if people want to talk to you then they'll talk to you, though apparently that means no one wants to talk to me 😂
Car's filled up for a fun weekend I won't have
Quinn got barz 🔥
Donde esta la biblioteca?
"Do you eat like that every day?"
I say: often
Girls take pictures with other girls and suddenly they can "never take a normal picture"
Do something crazy
I always thought it'd be cool to skate but it got like super popular and I didn't want people to think I was on the bandwagon
Money would solve just about all my problems tbh
All I see is dollar signs
"If you like it then you should've put a ring on it" 
I got peach rings that count?
Lol the freshman girls who hold hands between classes are you scared you're going to lose your friend?
#wcw is @not_jackritter 💦🔥😍
Gansta rap made me do it
Loneliness is a bitch
Take a chance on me
I love my dog so much
Smh booty so big she can't even walk right
I always wonder what it would be like to be a girl
"I'm sorry sir but 'being a thug' is not an achievement to put on your resume"
Heroes will always be one of my favorite shows
Happy birthday @ambeeelynn I'm ready for the strip club when you are 🎉 http://t.co/zQlB7u96Sx
It's your turn to not be snap chatted back
If you don't use emojis I might as well be texting my grandma
Me: oh wow what a nice morning
Girl: like he totally shits on himself and his mouth
I'm trying to cope with the fact I don't go home early today 😩
What's really horrifying is that I've seen worse
"Let's play 5 finger fillet with our dicks"
"I'm sorry I like girls."

Him: I can fix that
"Cut off the parts of yourself that aren't positive."
When she said she didn't like dicks she meant personality Jesus
Hey he can do what he wants, don't get all cut up about it.
I'm just not...cut out for that video.
That's not what they mean by manscaping
You already know Imma catch the new DBZ movie
Have you ever wondered what people say about you just out of curiosity?
You think I go out every day dressed like PETER PAN OVER HERE?! Forget about it.
How about "senior ditch until graduation"?
I'm 18 so I could've registered to vote today, but I think I'm going to go watch cartoons instead
So I'm going on 53 hours without eating and I'm starting to feel it
My favorite band is the Shadow ridge football team
Daylight come me just wanna go home
Whisper sweet nothings in my ear
Back on my grind
I'm going to be a weird doctor lol
I look like that one guy who tries to ball up and sucks...wait a second
1 v 1 me
Ball is lyfe
I'm trying to catch honeys bein fly
Is pokemon training a sport?
Hmu for a McDonalds hash brown
I'm not saying I'm a bad boy, but would a good guy enter through the exit, and exit through the entrance?
Good thing I get out of here at 11
How am I supposed to stalk you if you don't have selfies smh
I'm probably not going to go all out this spirit week
The only way I can make myself do yard work is if I call it a workout.
-sees cute girl on the TL-
"I want one"
I'm sorry I am unable to attend my classes this week, I've come down with an acute case of senioritis
I wanna go to a drive-in theater
Uptown funk won't give it to ya...but I will 😏
"Wow I'm starting to look decent...my arms could use work though, and my shoulders, definitely legs...I look horrible."
Or anything besides be in this house
Or chill
I'm tryna see a movie tonight
Happy Birthday @EricksonRyleigh !🎉
Bank of America account got 2 figures
