As long as MKX doesn't have something  like the Kabal TK fireball crap I think it will be good.
People keep invading me and getting trashed in dark souls 2. My build isn't even good for pvp!
I should put some more time into Sin that character is dope
Confession: I kinda like the Star Wars prequels, especially Revenge of the Sith.
Since I know a lot of my local peeps are struggling against Leo I might do a write up on him? Would anyone be interested in that?
Ram's setplay stuff is annoyingly character specific.
60% complete on this format started it at 6 algskg.a,mg.zxdkgjw;klt
Fuck this game lol
I feel like Ky's that play super lame are missing the point of the character
Anyone in CO want to play guilty?
man why is it taking so long to format this SD card
the way DAI-chan played Narukami offends me.
All the Mitsuru's and yosuke's got bopped super hard at Arc Revo haha
Watching Yosuke's from Arc Revo aka look at all these missed glides
This guy implying that Dora doesn't play good Tsubaki players.
"Atheist"
Sky Williams is a pretty gross person =\
Sucks that upgrading to 64-bit is a much bigger pain in the ass than just switching OSes
Didn't think I had to worry about my OS being a problem for running game for a while. Guess I need to upgrade to 64 bit soon.
Well, I certainly don't feel bad about using a CDkey reseller to get this game now lol
Oh I can't run MKX because I don't have a 64-bit OS. Rad.
MK won't launch off to a great start
Watching Koihime match vids while MKX downloads this is the life I choose to lead.
This game is like street fighter until someone lands a counter hit than it turns into HnK.
cao cao has psycho crusher
I like Three Kingdoms shit so much I actually kind of want to play Koihime Enbu
I think the biggest turn off of non-ASW anime fighters for me is that they almost all have assist systems. Really don't like that.
Got MKX for 15 bucks on PC let's go
Jin's execution requirements can't melt steel beams
I tried Makoto along time ago but dropped her because of my crappy execution. Kinda want to try her again now that I have better execution.
Religious dude getting riled up on campus lol
Last time I played @HavocVsTheWorld in bb I killed him 10 6As in a row. #justJinThings
Guy pushing a dog in a stroller on campus. Can I be done today?
Shoutouts to "Allies"
I need to remember to OS jin's c DP with backdash and not barrier.
Can you do wild throw, IK activate, IK or do you need to RC?
Sol is fun
Ram is fun
Ky is fun.
Getting thrown out of throw invuln moves #theclassic
I want to throw my stick across the room whenever I get thrown out of whiff 236H stance 5K/5P haha
Stunedge
I like this side swap Sol combo that works for no real reason. Just kinda randomly are behind the opponent after bandit revolver RC.
Wish MK would drop the violence as a selling point angle. It's not 1993
Are there any good viper players anymore?
Man inception came out like 4 years ago why does every movie trailer still copy it's music
why does MK use tekken notation
Chilling at chill and charge waiting for my meeting for the fg club ask me stuff http://t.co/uEy1Ej6AIN
how excited are you to be the official treasurer of t... — Well I am excited that this club is getting up and ru... http://t.co/aeiMxJ7Ye9
Also what's the tournament standard going to be for MKX? Probably going to learn it on pad when I get it.
Someone should buy me MKX on steam. It was my birthday a month ago!
I want to play anime games when I get home
The story insert songs for XRD are the best songs on the OST
Ask me a question | http://t.co/uEy1EiOZRf
