Can't wait to go dress shopping (:
I love being home alone cause I can sing as loud as I want without people telling me to shut up
I dont hang out with anyone.. but yet I always get brought into drama....
Excited to put together mondos new smoker
Springs or Denver ???????
Trying to plan this trip is getting difficult -_-...
What's there to do in springs ??
Nothing like getting home at seven in the morning. .. ..
Its always  exciting whenever we get to have  lunch or dinner with other couples (:
Can't wait to see all my animals tomorrow ...
Whenever your package  gets here a day early &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Can't wait for the smoker to get here friday!
I wish they werent so far....
Whenever I see pictures of my grandparents .. it never fails to make me cry... I miss them so Much
Lifes too short...
Hopefully we can go to the zoo (:
I never wanna leave from here.
Doing laundry in case if I leave this weekend.....
Employee of the month at PMC.... Yah  not gonna lie.. im sure am happy (:
Im just an emotional wreck. ..
I'm trying so hard to make this work .....
I hate how things change.. but  I cant do anything to stop it or make it all right. ...
I hate having acne -_-
Ill just bite my  tongue and not even say anything. ..
Of course I didnt expect you to understand. ....
I just entered the '@MountPrinceton Spa Giveaway'! Go enter now to win a #hotsprings spa getaway for 10 people!  https://t.co/eYS19Ih9YO
"@DisickReactions: "where are you ?"  

me: "on my way" http://t.co/8P64U4VwqW"
But since I've waited this long.. Might as   Well get the Samsung Galaxy 6....
The note edge is so cool !
I can't believe I fell in the tub :(
Car shopping..???! (:
Just booked the hotel for this weekend (:
"@Iifepost: "How is 2015 going so far?" http://t.co/gA5pTW3biv"
I Hate having thick eyebrows!!!
That text broke my heart... .
Dont know why i even got ready when I have no plans for today.  Oh well...
I dont need roses or a huge teddy bear... as long as I get to spend it with you.. I'll be happy. ..
I can't believe I applied for another damn card.. Surprised  I'm not broke yet
"@FitspirationaI: Spending money on Nike gear like.. http://t.co/zFCeFXxwb4"
I need to stop helping out people who dont deserve my kindness..
I hate making people cry. Even if it was just in a dream....
"@TheFunnyFml: all I want in life is to try one of these http://t.co/DNWqLgBaKt"
That was the wosrt dream ever:(
Good thing im shopping again this weekend (:!
I can't believe my new shirt ripped...
Wanted to watch the super bowl but instead im watching Armando play titan fall -_-
Too bad I have no more room in my closet for all my new stuff
I love shopping
I hate shopping with a certain someone -_-
Start on laundry. . Or make cookies for armando??. Hmm
After driving a truck last night I sorta kinda want one now..
Spring break hurry up
I need a vacation away from here. ..
Mondo was going to buy me uggs but I said no.. what was I thinking !
Fishbowl on a Saturday night http://t.co/yLpeSMKI2x
Lost 5 pounds since last night:( I never have been this sick before
Its so fun throwing up... :( its going to be a long night.
Sorry im not everything you thought I would be
-_-
Who gets mad over fucken triva crack!!!??
Playing soccer with the guys sure is fun though
I feel like I got hit by a car..
Wtf is my sister listening too!
Time to play some soccer (:
Does anyone play triva crack? ?!
Been cooking all morning just so when babe gets off he can eat something yummy (:
I can't believe it's been over 5 years since I last got a tattoo :/
I miss gigi :(
I cant believe im just waking up...
And of course shylo.. lol
I love waking up to you...
Baking  a doggie cake (:
I love ordering new pants ..
I didnt know it took two hours to do a 25 minute work out
I'm pretty sure everyone is just waiting for me to get engaged
Why am I questioning this now...
You can view my snap but not text me back.  Cool thanks.....
But last night was still fun..
Sometimes I hate being the dd..
I love bugging mondo when hes sleeping. .
"@TumbIrsPosts: me for the next 4 months http://t.co/3Mm0JEIHOp"
So tired
Today didn't even feel like Christmas ...
-_-
I can tell today is already going to suck
Evey little thing is gonna piss me off.
So nice for Marisa to get me a gift (:
Can I just lay in bed all day
"You left your eggs" .. really.... -_-
I'm honestly tempted to buy a zebra instead of a new car .... Lol
Being ignored is one of the worst feelings ever...
Trying to fight back the tears..
"@TumbIrsPosts: accurate 👌 http://t.co/dw28RQ2fnx"
Never depend on someone for your happiness. ....
Really want to try dressing up... but then again I like dressing lazy....
Whenever a car has the same rims as you &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Tell me to come to work. Then stay home.. then again to come in.. make up your mind -_-
Finding a place to rent is going to be a pain in the ass
I hate having thick eyebrows. ..
So pissed off
If you dont pay my shit dont tell me what to do..
I miss Armando already!!:( can it just be 9 ...
Looks like no pueblo today since someone doesnt know how to wake up........
Cant wait til this weekend
Its weird how before I started college I had my life all planned out.. now I dont even know what I wanna do..
This new smart tv is pretty awesome
I need another pair of uggs for Christmas. .!
"@chloeonvine: I wish my grandma would just tell me I’m the princess of Genovia by now so I can drop out of school."
Way to make me cry . Asshole....
Today's just been a shitty day...
Lets hope I can fit a 60 in tv in my car lol
Well .. tomorrows the day I go pick up mondos present soo excited!  ..
Uggs or new feeding boots? ?!
I cant wait to pick up mondos new tv on Tuesday (:
I was killing it on Destiny. Till mondo took away the controller :(..
I feel like crap :(
Now I'm getting sick ...
I hope I can fit a 60 inch tv in my car ..
I just wanna be in garden already ....
Hoes will be hoes ....
After three and a half years I can still say you still give me butterflies .. (:
I cant believe I lost my necklace:(
I already miss mondo :(..
Im so glad the lady at the mall messed up my eyebrows -_-
Finally decided on what car to get (:!!
I can't wait to be In pueblo
If I had a dollar for every time someone spelled my name wrong, I could pay for college, semester abroad, a new car, and a mansion in cash."
That really makes me mad.. if you wanna be an adult act like it!
Ive never met someone so disrespectful until now....
Really want truck plaza !!!
Shitty day already. . Just going back to bed......
-_-
Nothing like being alone -_-
So jealous mondo has this whole week off
Shes a keeper if she buys you a 60 in tv and a sound bar .. ..
"@AnimaIFessions: wait... this ain't the park http://t.co/pjVR5Xzsnt"
Hopefully I get kfc today!!
Today was the day for my cabin trip ugh :(
Is it too early for pizza??(:
Grey goose is nasty ... yuck
So cold
"@MeWhenl: When I remember I have homework http://t.co/LLhgGZdp7R"
Starting my second acne treatment today.. All I know is my face is going to hurt :(
