The end of the semester is near. I am not ready.
All Time Low in three weeks!!!
People are dancing with hula hoops and there are food trucks
The Tivoli is full of life rn
yupp http://t.co/qFv0AjVj0C
I got three hours of sleep
I love thunderstorms http://t.co/pwJG6zX6DS
Haha awkward
Happy Birthday @brendonurie !!!☺☺💜💜💜
Who would of thought that I would become a manager
Tbh college is wayy better than high school
All I want in life is for my momma to live in a nice house and for my dad to have a nice car
6 weeks until the semester is over
I got my eyebrows threaded and they look great
My arm hurts really bad and I still have 4 more hours of work left
My mom yelled at me because I didn't turn off the frijoles
One more day then its spring break!!!
I've got two midterms and canvas is down.. what am I going to do?
Work kills
Why in the world would you spend $90 on a pair of leggings?
I would love to go to Europe and study
It would be amazing to study abroad
She treats her like she's not human. I can never treat someone like that.
I don't like how my gm treats one of my coworkers like shit
Yeah and I'm 18 and I can't even afford to buy food on campus 😒 http://t.co/iSQ8GxtrYW
Bought my tickets to All Time Low 😌😌
I am going to spoil my mom on her birthday
The snow has returned -_-
I told my sisters they had an hour delay, they took it as a snow day.
Awww they're engaged!!!
Finally we get to watch a video.  I'm not in the mood for lecture
I feel dumb
I literally just left my work shoes at work
It's frustrating when you try to reason with people but they're too stubborn.
I love listening to Ed Sheeran
At first philosophy is hard but as soon as you get a hang of it, it is fascinating
He is one tough little dude
My little brother slapped me across the face so hard that my nose started to bleed
I just wanna take a nap
Intro to Art is boring.  I hate it.
The guy at wingstop was cutee!
People gotta stop coming.. I'm trying to get out of here on time
My brother is always late when I ask him for a ride
I need the book in order to due my homework
My philosophy homework is due tomorrow and my textbook still hasn't arrived yet
