Nothing frustrates me more that when you meet your freinds friend and they are nothing but rude to you the first time you meet.
Considering going near bald now for this reason.
All im thinking about is conditioner and i shouls be asleep
Sure i love the smell of my hair after i shampoo it but is it really worth it when all i want is soft n smooth wavy hair..............
I need conditioner, im losing my hair everytime i brush it and today i cleaned my shower to realise how much hair is actually gone.
The only time i remember to buy it is when its too late and im in the shower using shampoo whilst brushing the tangels out. Its a hard life
And i keep forgetting to buy it
I havent used hair conditioner in like 3 weeks...
When checking out guys, im like not even subtle anymore. I hope they feel more confident.
My dance style - grinding on the closest person. Sometimes theyre not even my friend, sometimes theyre not even gay.
My insta keeps crashing. Maybe its a sign i should stop being thirsty and liking every hot guys photo.
I know my intuition is right when i meet people pr think about people but im too nice and i give everyone the benefit of the doubt
I need to trust my intuition a lot more. Too many times ive dismissed it and looked stupid
Omg how did i miss this!! Bahahaha
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://t.co/XhnMkbwY5f LunchMoney Lewis - Bills (Explicit)
Fml i just remembered i grilled a lesbian lastnight for being rude to me whilst i had lipstick all over my face. Im an experience.
Drunk n fuck
More rest n sex is all a nigga needs
If you cant drive or host then why are you on grindr? 

"Im legally blind in my left eye so im not allowed to drive ever"
So in a another parallel universe, another dylan is totally killing life atm, whilst this dylan has had enough of this ladies bullshit.
Omg the mum stared at me because i was watching her children whilst she wasnt.

Do your job.
Public transport and bogan aussie mums with children do not mix well, ever. Why is that?
Also, if you fucking wearing a jumper in this hot as fuck weather i fucking hate you with a passion. okay now piss out into the sun.
https://t.co/UGsDP1AuQO

I will never stop posting this
I knew coming to this lecture was not my thing today...
surprisebitch: when your fave releases new music http://t.co/SDxqE2UStV
