Someone should fire summer 41 celcius is far too hot.  Roll on winter!!
My kingdom for a job!!!
Can we watched this any where else other than fox #cwc15
Never been so excited for @OzComicCon as i am for this year
@HelenTMoh i understand
And pool time as well i hate summer
Look time !!!!
Kicking back getting pampered
More thunderstorms in Adelaide let's hope this rain puts out the fires!!
So pumped for comicon
Love guy but not this song
Hey @BurgoLive hope ya doing well buddy xx
Going to miss you @BurgoLive
Re: [8]
Just not feeling it today this time if year is not my favorite
so dissapointed in the AFL poor ricky henderson chin up mate
Thanks to @andersonrdean for the hug today you still rock my world
Getting so excited OZCOMICON 1 sleep here in Adelaide!!
Stargate SG1 from season 1 can not wait till saturday to see @andersonrdean
I was the only one in my house who had faith the crows would win today now I see why
sad news to for the football world so tragic
why when tweeting a star do they ignore you!! Are we not what made you what you are today and all you have is because of US??
I need a godd easy diet to follow and by easy I mean food wise. So I dont have to spend mega bucks on weird food
send her to me @GiovanniAgnelli I will look after her poor girl
and to all a good night
welcome!!!!@Lea_goodrem
wow poor bock bock feel for the guy hope he is ok!!
I am so tired, just wish I could sleep. Any suggestions??
What a good game of footy well done carlton
Half price Easter eggs taste so good
Just went for a 25 min walk I am stuffed
Finding buzz for easter http://t.co/m6m8yPSC
To infinity and beyond!!
wow what a weekend,R.I.P Whitney......so sad.
it is time for bed...............
is watching stargate and playing on my t hub
anyone famous coming to good ole Adelaide South Australia soon? or want to??
busy busy weekend hope everyone has a fun and very safe one
back to new south wales he lives there now for about 18months taking the baby in oct i am so going to be lost without her
went shopping am broke and sore very early morning tomorrow off to airport at 6 am dropping off son #1
I am really scared for teh future of this great country, Australia!
is off to play hahahhaa
wonders if she could win tickets to smackdown when it comes to Adelaide
