I just ate a pizza that would blow your nipples off ! 

#Crust #Townsville
I'd like to put Queensland plates on my car but Queensland want to be cunts !
Your ass is flat like the earth.
Okay. The pizza shop I've been ringing is closed on Tuesday ! 
WTF ?? 

Is it a holy pizza day ?? 
Why they not make pizza on Tuesday.
CAN YOU KNIT !!
Ah fuck it. I'm going to go scrub some more windows.. because it's pretty transparent that twitter doesn't pay the bills.
I'm still mad at the ocean !!
I live directly under a Quantas flight path. 

I haven't slept since Anset.
I'm wearing a hat &amp; sunglasses in the dark. It's daytime mind you

What have you done with the sun ?? You stole it didn't you ! 

Bend over.
The dirty version of a frangipani is a flange a fanny !
Dick Beans.
No wonder they're not answering their phone.. they ain't even open yet !
#LaCucina the best fucking pizza !
An Australian compliment. 

He's alright that cunt !
Sorry I left a skid mark on your dinner plate but I couldn't hold it in any longer.
#KFC these chips taste like somebody pooped in the deep fryer !
Sit on my face Iggy !
Your face looks like my dick ! 
Wrinkly with a hole in it.
I clean you pay now. 

Spitballing business names for an ABN I have to register. 

Fav for fuck off with this shit !
RT for get fucked !
Names that ryme with St Johns Wart.

Mort. 
Bort.

That's it.
I got my end wet this morning.

Happy Friday !!
I left a big turd in the toilet for the plumber this morning.
Tupac forever !
My favorite thing is other people's balled up pubic hair in places I'd rather not clean.
Just going to rub massage oil on random people's ankles
Puma Finger. 

Sports wear for the irritable bowel athletes
My birthday wish is the same every year, the cancelation of #HomeandAway
You can't bring that in here ! 

I took my schnitzel too the pub.
I WAS BORN WITHOUT AN ASS
*Breaking news out of the UK*

Flames erupt from manhole ! 

Well they do like their curry..
Stop whinging about fuel prices this weekend people ! If you don't like it ride a bike.
Have you ever had sex with an Eskimo ? It's pretty cool !
I get mad at the sea sometimes
The one time of the year that it's Friday without it actually being Friday.
Cat left a gift outside our bedroom door this morning. 
Unfortunately #DonutKing don't exchange dead birds as payment for their coffee.
I bought myself some stiffy pots

No, no, jiffy pots sorry
Someone keeps Re Tweeting slutty selfies on my TL &amp; of course when I click on the link no Slutty selfies. 
@TopInventionss you spammy cunt !
Possession of a baby rabbit in QLD is illegal.
Now what am I supposed to get my girlfriend on Sunday !

Least romantic state ever..
Does the garbage man work good Friday ? 
All that stinky fish I'm worried about a cat apocalypse !
Do you not realize I've had diareas since easters.. 

Maybe I'm not cut out for dis cooking dutys

#NachoLibre
Highway to the danger zone plays when you're naughty.
I prayed for rain on Monday. 
Actually I asked the sky politely.
"please can we have some rain" 
It rained last night. 
#RainMan 
#Moisture
C'mon bro if you had any more tattoo's on your arms you'd have to change your name to Bic !
I hope that barcode tattooed on your back works because I'd be running it back threw the checkout for a return.
Just farted in Kmart.
