DAMIEN Oliver's rides for Saturday week at Gold Coast thus far- River Lad, Beau Jet and Arabian Gold in Hollindale Stakes
Hear the remarkable story about in form galloper  Heza Dude ( running today at Seymour) on Radio Tab this morning. -@Racing @tatts_racing
Champion rider Damien Oliver will ride Stradbroke winner River Lad in Victory Stks @ Gd Ct on Sat wk, also booked for Beau Jet &amp; others .
Sunshine Coast track update at 6.30am
Weather fine
Track soft 6
Rainfall-3mm past 7 days 
Rail 14m
Silent Achiever may turn up for the Hollindale Stks/Doomben Cup double,decision on the w'end after she gallops, K McEvoy will ride if comes
The Sangster Stks in 3 wks time @ Morphettville is shaping up very well,Syd mare Avoid Lightning may be heading there, Les Bridge wants rain
Star Perth mare Magnifisio has arrived in Adelaide, runs Saturday in Irwin Stakes, Jason Brown will ride - Sangster &amp; Goodwood also on cards
G1 winner River Lad will resume in the Victory Stakes before the Glasshouse Hcp ( big weight ) and Stradbroke again, trials again on Tues
Soft 6 now at Sunshine Coast - warm day, plenty of blue sky.
Sunshine Coast  update -Fine
TK soft 7
Rainfall-3mm past 24 hrs total of 8mm for the  past wk
Rail 6m out the entire
Penetrometer 6.72
Money for Meet George Jetson today with @tatts_racing , was well supported when unplaced on debut last year. @markoberhardt has declared
Doomben is rated a Good 4 , weather forecast is positive, rough chance of a late storm, no rain this week on the track..
Peter Ellis - Adelaide Selections http://t.co/VR5zNpGA0o
Peter Ellis - Melb http://t.co/SSLuBJFsDi
http://t.co/4zutm6hs4M
Pat Carey excited about All I Survey stepping up in trip tmw, runs Galilee final Flemington, may head to Adelaide for their Derby. $12k buy
Les Bridge says he erred by running Avoid Lightning in Galaxy,too firm,made her find line in recent trial, just needs sting-out to run well
Classy Victorian mare Vain Queen heads to Adelaide,been freshened-up for Robert Sangster before The Goodwood,Nick Hall likely to ride her.
FENWAY is unlikely to run in  ATC  Oaks according to Shannon Hope, hoof bruising, likely to head to S.A for Australasian Oaks early May
Boris Thornton rode up a storm last night at Launceston, won 5 consecutive races ( 3-7), 2nd in last race, now with Adam Trinder
Artlee, easy winner of the Country Championship at Randwick is Brisbane bound, Tnr Todd Willan looking for a suitable listed race late May
Griante heads to Adelaide following Randwick run on Saturday, huge last start in William Reid, 4 wide the trip- ran 3rd to Lucky Hussler
Hucklebuck may have just one run this prep in the Goodwood, trials tomorrow, Stradbroke at Doomben is a rough chance
Destreos can only be described as a FREAK .this standardbred has won 58 races at Albion Park -78 wins overall from 359 starts , 11 yo.
Angelic Light heads to Adelaide , Sangster Stakes and The Goodwood the aims- @GriffithsRacing
The horse named after Wayne Wilson, Man of Distinction, runs today at Warwick Farm, raced by his his family-  @GaiWaterhouse1 tns.
Racecaller David Fowler was thrilled to meet @GaiWaterhouse1 last Sunday morning -Ambassador Travel Easter Tour 2015 http://t.co/1uTVBmfhbB
Cape Kidnappers will return at D'Ben on Sat  Damian Browne booked, Ric Mc Mahon rode in Deagon trial yesterday, not tested on boggy track.
Hoss Heinrich says Gillian Heinrich keen to return to training when she recovers from treatment, 25o horses will be solid at @mmsnippets
Thoughts with Gillian Heinrich, heads to Germany nxt wk for further treatment, battling bowel cancer, majority of horses will be sold
Just clarifying Beaudesert situation, fields will stand from today, scratchings will be reinstated. @tatts_racing
Bris Owner Neville Morgan scrambling to book a flight to Sydney, just heard the news  , his horse Kermadec gets a run in Doncaster
Nigel Blackiston's biggest concern is the inside barrier with in form filly Suavito, hoping Corey Brown can get off fence early.- Doncaster
Kiwi mare Rising Romance has gone home, no Brisbane campaign, spell time, viral issue , runny nose, coat is  dull, look to the spring.
Scissor Kick is heading north to  Brisbane for Winter Carnival, Doomben 10ooo and Stradbroke the targets at this stage @Paulmessara
Re previous tweet should have read " Confirmation" not conformation .. Sorry folks ....
