New Star Wars trailer looks awesome. All aboard the hype train! #unleashthenerd #TheForceAwakens
If you can't fry it is it really worth having on your dinner plate?
People who read books while walking are the reason I have trust issues
So we still have April Fools Day but not Opposite Day? :O
Dammit I'm skint, better fill up my Amazon basket with shit I'll never use.
What an eclipse.... :/ http://t.co/4DidQ9H2oy
Traditional Scottish eclipse: clouds in the way and everyone complaining
"A lion doesn't concern himself with the opinions of sheep". No shit guys.
Stole the Alex Rodgers coat for a cheeky pic
Do I get marks in my bio investigation for submitting pentagrams crafted from my own blood?
Cheese, chicken and hot-dog in noodles,with a fortune cookie, might not have been the best idea I have had for dinner 😳
The investigation/dissertation hasn't half stacked up. Can't wait to find a pigeon to stare at instead of finishing anything.
It's black and blue?!?!?!?!?
Was my 1000th tweet a fucking chemistry joke!?!
Jesus H Christ, what happened to Llamas With Hats?
How to do an English Dissertation:
1) Open word document.
2) Cry.
Now that Valentine's Day is over maybe everyone can stop throwing the term around like it's fucking Christmas
My uni savings http://t.co/FhnzKJlJOg
This Lollipop update for Android is...a tad shit
No Twitter, I do not want to invite everyone to join this site.
Fair to say that the reassurance I am getting by averaging a solid 30% in Chemistry past papers is phenomenal.
My intense fast speaking skills were on point last night
Aberdeen was actually pretty good today #busbantah
#seedofdoubt #wagnerbantz
Waking up when it is dark is actually quite depressing...
Maybe a litre of coffee wasn't a good idea
Bed, why are you so warm and comfy and better than school?
Chemistry attention span has hit an all time low
Chemistry why...
"@LifeCheates: Always make sure your belt matches your shoe color. It makes your overall appearance look much more put together." @Sandaidh2
Sheat Dill's gonna eat me #latelyfe
"Selling a horse."
"How big" 
"8 hands"
"Soundo chap, I'll give you a quid"
"Dece" 
And the transaction is made" #wagnerlyfe
RIP personal statement
Having to start about 75% of my Bio project is just superb -_-
Everyone's out doing stuff and I'm sat here like... http://t.co/hh3jhUZDuP
Three hours sleep and a mug of coffee. This will be fun first day back at school
Holy fuck
Goddammit Steve
COFFEE IS FUEL OF THE GODS
'You can't get internet here, you are away from the world' HA! Showed them
So sleepy...
The chimney should be unstable more often as I think I could get used to this.
Herding first years today wasn't nearly as nightmarish as I thought it would be.
Chemistry additional questions never fail to take cheap shots and make all revision pointless.
HA! 69 followers... #maturityactivate
New Black Veil Brides songs are rather excellent.
Goddamit Asda, just tell me whether or not I got the job...don't leave me hanging bro...
For the record I respect most yes voters as that is your opinion. It just sucks that these annoying cunts give you guys a bad name.
So because I voted no I'm not a real Scotsman? Why don't you wear a kilt everyday or play the bagpipes like a 'true' Scotsman? Hypocrites.
Through to my Asda interview on Wednesday. Hopefully all goes well.
Someone's already taken the username sini_p? What the shit?!
Today was too easy...I fear something will go wrong in the near future...
Christ, applying for Asda is just riddled with maths...
No motivation to do any studying...
I think Hartland was ready to have a heart attack during English today...
Genuinely confused when anyone mentions anything about uni...
To be fair they are pretty unbearable
Looking at bear puns...what has my life become?
I feel like I'm losing a grip on things :/
What just phoned me?
Only one week of summer left? Well shit...
I feel the use of a hashtag was a tad insensitive for some reason...i am not being sarcastic for a change
An actor i actually knew of died...o_O #rip
People who use their grades to boast and make others feel like shit need to be shot.
Why am i so tired? Not as if i do anything.
How do amoebas contact each other? With their cell phones. That was too funny....i need a life.
Look, i don't care if you are voting yes or no, but if you try to force your opinion down my throat just because...then yoy're a knob.
The hilarious way my dad treats Isla makes me curious as to what I went through as a baby :/ #jiggle
My only A...is in English....what the fuck?!?!
My postie is usually really early... I'm bricking it
Mountain man Sam David has asked to be my friend on Facebook?! What sorcery is this?!
Why do I always get ill during holidays...
I hate the idea that 'these results will tell you whether or not you will do shit in life'. What bull... #sqa
Glasgow is just too damn hawt...
If i ever live on my own i will get sooo fat.
My new badminton racquet is just too smexy... #gaytweet
Argentina...you lost me a tenner...
Why so stoner? #brotheroftheyear http://t.co/wdybzNLWyP
Come on argentina...i meed that tenner #sweepstaketeam
Cricket: it's like watching paint dry but without the excitement.
Brazil...they tried.
That World Cup disruption we were looking for eh? @AngusPalmer13
I bet for the craic with my family that it would be 11-0...looking more like a reality #fuckingrekt
Damn...can't make any digs anymore on DofE about @fionncall and Katy... #congratsiguess
#nandos #nomakeupselfie #GoT #lol #WorldCup #1D #life #starbucks #filter #hashtag
I'm going to try and make the tweet to sum up all tweets...
Just picked up the book of A Game of Thrones....there goes my summer... #joiningthecraze
Am i the only one who wants a Djokovic win?
Who in the right mind has not one, but two fucking yappy rat dogs!!!??! #lakedistrictprobs
I have learned today that what the English call a 'hill' is what us Scots call a gentle slope
Jesus i'm bored... #lakedistrictprobs
I have made it to the Lake District...and there's no fucking lakes in sight!!!
An extra 10 minutes of Mrs Jones will no doubt feel like eternity...
Wimbledon predictions anyone?
Wait so Mortal Kombat X is coming out on PS3 as well? Fucking yes
Meet my sister Isla :-) http://t.co/5YJCdHIQfb
Woot!! In the paper for DofE. :-D #munro #pat
Time to start seeing the glass as half full me thinks #optimism
MY NEW SISTER ARRIVED 16:42 AT 7'11!!!! :-D so fucking happy #peanut
Regardless still over the moon Mith is headboy #mahnigga
Love how mainstream being a prefect is this year.
#pooislyfe2k14
All Suarez wanted to do was give him a hickey...
I would love to know how i die...
Gahahahaha missed three periods of Chemistry...shit...
Good DofE hike guys. Was a pleasure hiking...even if i did swear excessively...
So it's myself, Mith, Xanders and Fionnlagh competing for headboy #therewillbeblood
I have to be honest, that last retweet was far too deep for me #soz
Why does everyone pick on my email address...
I can appreciate the many single mothers on Father's Day but it pisses me off when no single fathers get that appreciation on Mother's Day
Remember when Facebook was fun? Yeah me neither.
Gah, Advanced Highers piss me off...
Just got the Chemistry email and for a teacher the sir's grammar upsets me... :'( #picky
