After this weekend I defo will
I really need to get back into running.
MRIs are not fun
Danielle is an awful crier #90DayFiance
Being vegan for a month is going to be hard
So scared for this MRI tomorrow but dont know why
Cutting my braid off was heartbreaking
My feet ache so much
I think I have an unhealthy obsession with the Duggar family #19kidsandcounting
I think I'll start running again tomorrow, feeling incredibly fat and unfit the past couple days
Can't wait till this week is over and im not working all day everyday
Soo glad im not working till 5
I might be really sad and go to the cinema alone
I'm fundraising for @Highlandhospice using @JustGiving. Check out my #JustGiving page http://t.co/JSmKaXJn3I
I just registered for Run for Colour! http://t.co/3t1o2ozZjv via @highlandhospice
Hate being so tired that its a huge effort to change and take make up off
Having 2 jobs is both great and awful at the same time
Soo tired. Why did I agree to another early shift?!
Can't wait to get new running shoes that dont kill my calves and shins
Too bad im not interested..
Its quite nice having someone make an effort
Setting my alarm for 5:30 again like kills me
I hope there is another series of Stella
Not having a day off for ages is depressing
#Stella is such a good show, the series' should be longer
My feet hurt so bad
Tomorrow is going to be a looong day
Its ridiculous how much hipe me changing my fringe has caused at work
Finally I have a chapati recipe
Can zumba come back to Dornoch? #zumba #fitness
Today I was given the best Indian vegetarian cookbook. Now I just need someone to cook for.
Choosing which device to charge is my lifelong battle #phoneortablet
I love how all the weird people on TLC are American
Imagine weight lifting while 8 months pregnant! So redic #MyExtraordinaryPregnancy
TLC is the best channel ever #MyExtraordinaryPregnancy #TLC
Cassia is such a bitch #90dayfiance
Hate the people that say 'you dont need to lose weight', haven't they seen my stomach?!
Mohamed is totally using Danielle for a visa #90dayfiance
So many things I want, so little money
I love Windows phones but they really need the snapchat app
I so need to tone up my stomach
Think I need to take a couple days off running #cry #fatty
My bootea shake and cocowhite came today, so excited to see the results @BooteaUK @cocowhiteuk
Napping before my next shift was a bad idea
My calf muscles are just in a constant state of pain
Im never getting up for work at 6
Watching the 'doyoutravel' snapchat story makes me want to go back to Kerala
Realising I'll have to cut my braid out for the MRI broke my heart #loveit
I wish bluestone 42 lasted longer than 6 episodes a series
So wish I was going abroad
I need a new phone..
Not being able to sleep is the worst.
I hate tourist season, far to many people around when I go for a run
I hate days off, so boring
Can't wait to try coco white
I need to stop spending and start saving.
Why am I always so tired?
Haggis is banned in America..what?
Really need to change my dp but fails every time ugh
Ive never felt this shit. First and last time I do shots
Got sky in my room. Never leaving.
Its bad when glee doesn't cheer me up
Nothing ever goes my way
Wish things would go back to normal
If what I think is gonna happen happens I don't think I'll be able to cope
Life sucks.
Hate feeling like this
Wish I was in Glasgow already. Bus journey is taking forever
The last place I want to be today is work
Think I'll just stay up all night watching Rupauls Dragrace
So wish I was smart enough to be a forensic scientist
Found forensic files on netflix. Made my night
Finishing the PLL on netflix has left me with nothing to do anymore
Tying to upload this application to an email is a nightmare
After so many weeks of masala chai, normal tea is not as good
Up at 5 and can't sleep. Stupid flu
Actually wearing the woolen cardigan I took for going home. Never thought I would wear it in India.
Cant even take ibuprofen for aches as headache will get worse
It would appear I have the flu. Great.
Having a great last day...in bed feeling sorry for myself
Feel sorry for whoever has to sit next to me on the plane tomorrow.
Up at 4.30am tomorrow for the train. So should have booked trains earlier -_-
