The housing crises was created by selling off social housing. Why would you do it again? #BBCDebate
Teenage Dirtbag was the best shout of the night #oooohyeaadiirtbaaag
Can not believe that some fucker took my jacket
Caught one 🎣
I like literally can't believe we actually did that to Mr High's car! It was like actually the best thing ever holy shit! Here's 40 pictures
Skiing in Scotland is honestly so shit. I've got some serious wind burn after today
You can properly hear the crowd shouting WANKERS in the middle of the national anthem
Unbelievable day for climbing today http://t.co/yZQUzwSwZE
Burns supper last friday http://t.co/U0iRHa6p0t
Im drowning in economics and modern studies notes
I would prefer to die standing up than living on my knees #CharlieHebdo
Happy new year everyone Que no Parle the fiesta
Went for a cycle this morning and now I can hardly move. How can my 54 year old father have better stamina than me?
Christmas 🎄 (minus Tove) http://t.co/rOg27qv6nm
Did anyone else get a letter in the post from Strathclyde Uni?
Uptown funk is just made up from bits of other songs stuck together
Fuck UCAS for making me compulsively check my emails every 15 seconds
Really wish I took more photos on Tuesday. The few I have are just dreadful
My eighth-some reel set was seriously on point last night
Last night at the dance http://t.co/dH6buDEog1
Uncertainties were designed by the devil
So much shit to do
Im so sick of looking at my personal statement, just want to send it off and be done with it
Holy shit what is that?? http://t.co/GABK7L0590
I would love to move to America if it weren't for all the racism, poverty and readily available weapons
Peewit and Jason Waddle are getting nomimated for everything
Alan has a drinking problem
Everyone should go to the Romania ceilidh on Thursday at the Kingsmills. It'll be great craic and we get stovies
Shit
My last two instagram posts have been of Romania. Just prooves that it is the only exciting thing that has ever happened to me
Excited to be making a shoebox for my wee Romanian buddy Catalyn #tbt #Romania http://t.co/9yEIItiuGc
Fuck uni I'm gonna open a shop selling coffee and massive teddies to lonely white girls and make an absolute killing
I am disgustingly opinionated and I hate it
Jesus christ people were dropping like flys last night
Romania with gingershmeesh #tbt http://t.co/SGBCWUPrPB
At least now that there is no Halloween party I wont have to dress up like a dickhead to impress a load of people I dont like
Cannot wait to get out of Inverness
1970s Olympus OM-1 http://t.co/U3LjevwfEo
Glasgow open day http://t.co/HObk8WSeNw
Starting to get worried that I'm leaving it way too late to start my personal statement
Don't know why some people feel the need to share every element of their life with the whole internet
Fuck
I'm forever typing out tweets and then halfway through being like no fuck that
6th year has been a pile of piss so far
#isitok that an entire evening is dedicated to raising money for cancer research but there is nothing for dementia or MS etc #SU2C
I hate leaving a job half done
Im so glad that the vinyl section in HMV keeps getting bigger
Says right here your a lil bitch http://t.co/zstXACXahY
My brother is a grade A arsehole
Pretty sure I've got uglier. http://t.co/aeAznSc8gl
Swinney is a proper tool
We are royaly fucked if John Swinney is going to be the SNP representative for the Smith commission
Was hoping to do something productive tonight but instead I'm falling asleep watching Lizard Lick Towing
Despicable Me is quality not even gonna lie
I would love to live in Glasgow
The Lord Ashcroft Poll showing that 71% of 16-17 year-olds voted yes. They only asked 14 people..... http://t.co/BYoM26k5SR
We've either missed an amazing opportunity or avoided a complete disaster but what matters is that Scots got what they voted for
I'm so proud to be a part of such a politically aware nation. No matter what the result we have already outdone ourselves #indyref
A great outcome for tonight would be if America could recognise that England is not the same as the UK
I've really enjoyed Twitter being all political. It's been far better than all the bitching and dross that you usually get
Feels pretty good to exercise my legal rights. Should be allowed to do it more often
Only 50% of people are voting yes not 100% as Twitter seems to suggest tonight
The difference between this vote any that has gone before is that the result will actually count for something in Scotland
Never been more worried about an X in my life
He also said that the Bedroom Tax was a great policy and that nobody in England really cares whether Scotland get independance or not
Nearly got into an argument with a customer today cause he said that Thatcher and the Poll Tax were the best thing to happen to this country
Pimms has been ruined for me. I can never drink it again
Oh calum http://t.co/Qesn2JbbrU
New Jeremy Kyle on Monday
Frankie Boyle is fucking brilliant
It amazing how the media has gone from calling Ashya King's parents kidnappers to poor parents separated from their son by the evil system
Coping out notes for economics and I can actually hear Souter's voice in my head #shnowballsh
Peewit standing on a chair in the middle of the Cheify shouting AGAIN at the top of his voice is definitely a highlight of my life so far
Might have to vote yes because Alistair Darling spells his name wrong
Not going to lie. I'm almost persuaded to vote yes just because Alex Salmond is slightly less of a prick than Alistair Darling
I feel like University minimum requirements are just giving me false hope
It's High Green mate, via Hillsborough please
Cramp is actually the worst pain ever
Struggling to think of something useful to do with my life
Leftover Chinese after work
I don't really care what job I end up doing as long as I get super rich
1 till 10 tomorrow is going to kill me. Just thinking about everyone getting in a state while I'm working
Don't know if I'll vote yes but Salmond is clearly running the show tonight #ScotDecides
Alistair Darling is a total dickhead
Well I'm going to drink my weight in vodka at Belladrum
I've got the dentist, then a driving lessons, then work, then training so I might not even open my results today
Finally got myself a job
Well that was fucking dreadful
Sassy Glasgow #Glasgow2014
Iggy Azalea is actually unbelievablely shite
My throat is absolutely killing. Feels like I've swallowed gravel
