Lovers dispute...
NICOLA GOT REJECTED
The government actually control the number of places at medical school... more places, more doctors?
Cameron and Clegg aren't there, because this is the challengers debate...
Nicola, stop rimming Ed...
Cameron is hiding in the eves of the debate hall. Ready to pounce on Ed if he goes too far.
You can just tell that Cameron is going to get a beating...
The progression from bright coloured happy photos to moody, monochrome, half face photos on people's profile pictures...
When you ask the crew how revision is going... http://t.co/6oZEeCINkW
"Do you ever wonder what if it hadn't gone wrong?" Noooooooope.
I love the Dug, the teacher from skins!
Putting ?! At the end of questions to get instant responses.
I WAITED A YEAR FOR THAT. I WANT MORE!
GO AWAY VOLVO YOUR CARS ARE SHITE
The adverts are longer than the shows footage...
Whos singing along to the theme tune? #GoT
Also totally put off having children
Took five children to a castle today, came home with five. I should get a medal.
Skins and Misfits, similar in that they both get shit after season two.
Thinking "Wow, I don't look like a troll today, I'll take a selfie" *front camera* "....back under the bridge I go..."
Quite a beautiful way to look at it. http://t.co/BLbNOZqml6
Set my alarm to Grace Kelly. Because who doesn't want to wake up to Mika's fabulous voice?
You know it's good t.v when it makes you uncomfortable watching it...
When all the lava goes to the top of the lamp...
One thing I hate about Breaking Bad is Skyler. WHINY BITCH
My favourite punctuation hasto be...  ellipsis.
My lavalamp sets a green glow over everything. Making 100 times more creepy...
Being homeand having a stocked fridge 😍
Why the heck are some of my lecturers so illiterate that they cannot construct a simple sentance.
My 7,777 tweet goes out to my dog. Yep, he's the best.
The Roast of Justin Bieber is just comedy gold
I wonder if Farage is feeling that five pints he had before the leaders debate this morning...
I love being home 💛
Seriously http://t.co/EOgnoaw62K  is so fun
Guys, you're welcome http://t.co/EOgnoaw62K. It's so hilarious.
I like Nick Clegg, and his tie.
Security are ready to jump on Farage when he gets out of hand.
JERRY JERRY JERRY
Ed has been so conditioned for this he looks like an Aussi 3 minute conditioner bottle.
This Party Leader Debate is just an amazing idea. We just need Jerry Springer #JERRYJERRYJERRY
Today is probably the worst day of my existence
I haven't breathed out of my nose for four days. I just sound like that psychopath on the other end of the phone all the time now...
I test my tweets on yikyak first, depending on the response tells me if it gets posted on here.
I forgot how good the Script are 👌
That comment said it all...
Flowers when I'm ill. So whipped 😙 http://t.co/YVWausRVMR
Accidentally sent an ugly snapchat. Which is every snapchat I send...
Can someone please just change the channel for me?
Competition: Win £250 to spend at Nando's via @savethestudent #win #competition http://t.co/C9cUQTKigE
I keep telling people my pit of a room is a working progress. Really its just getting worse and more is being shoved under my bed...
There are friends, best friends and then there is @DanaStoddart
When a certain friend *cough @saalz95 cough* makes you feel guilty about not liking her instagram and she doesn't like yours. #bitch
Can this week be over please? 🙏
"No, that's Dublin milk. It probably comes from buses or something." #MooneBoy 😂
I'm the jammiest person I know. It's a gift.
I know why bus drivers here are so gurney. They have to stop every five metres at a different stop.
My nickers fell out of my bag on Prince's Street. Busiest street in Scotland. Well done. #classy
Talking to my cousin until 3am and the rugby have left me without a voice at all...
I'm more gutted than a fish in a filleting factory.
Hunting down Richie Gray when the kiss cam is on. #Iknowyourehere #somewhere
To my great auntie that taught me about my family history, the war, and many other things. I will miss you. 😙
If you lie to me, I will always find out.
I didn't think plants could actually be interesting. Well done lecturer, well done. @DundeeUniv #lifeScience
Alt-J Breezeblocks, listen, watch, be amazed.
When did vanity become attractive?
I just have to remember what my mam always tells me, "What's for you won't go past you."
It'll be a cold day in hell before I pay full price for a bus ticket.
I could kiss his injured arm better? 😙
Gutted Richie Gray won't be playing in anymore six nation matches 😢 Hoping for a quick recovery.
Can't wait to hear the roar of Murray Field 😁
On the bus with @Eilidh_Beth going to the rugby. She's hanging 😂
Anyone else cry their eyes out when Groot died in Guardions of the Galaxy? Just me?
It's not about what expensive gift you get, or where you go. It's about who you're with and how happy they make you.
When life gives you lemons and you don't like lemonade.
Rise Your Glass is the theme tune to my life.
At least I have @Eilidh_Beth to dance it out with
When life throws a spanner at your face.
Keep getting emails from Camp America saying my skill set is in high demand and I'll get paid more. It's tempting me more and more.
