Hope Dnipro, Dynamo Kiev and Zenit all go through just to make shit difficult for UEFA to be honest
Don't imagine big Vlad will be happy at that vid of his troops marching singing 'Barbie Girl'. takes the edge of his recent threats a bit
Scary that it's that easy for a potential enemy submarine with nuclear capacity to just wander into British waters https://t.co/pF7xJOuBJA
Maple Leafs throw the towel in in Feb and miss out on the playoffs and all you see on Instagram is them buzzing on their hols #pisstake
Not sure how Neuer is still on the pitch to be honest
Are the Porto fans arranged in some kind of mosaic or are there actually more empty seats there than at your average European Etihad night
PSG were just a shite nothing club before money too. But at least they have fans that wanna turn up and make an atmosphere
Luka Modrić looking like a mutated Jay from the inbetweeners tonight #UCL
Slovenia with 2m people has managed to produce Jan Oblak and Handanović. Meanwhile England with 53m manage to produce Joe Hart #embarrasing
Another absolute gem from the blue shite http://t.co/lWRB93XWum
City fans. Fuckin hell 😂 http://t.co/mmiCJ2tRQ6
A lot of people might not agree, but I'd take Danny Ings all day at Utd. Quick, direct, intelligent and English
So this agenda thing.... http://t.co/kKAVDX1JOO
If you research FFP is designed so clubs don't run on credit. Can afford to pay their players and not go into administration
Incredible how little knowledge they have of football in Europe. Possibly the least educated set of fans in the PL
Had a good chuckle at the bitters on Bluemoom Forum saying FFP is designed to stop them dominating world football 😂😂
All of Europe know City have to rebuild and can't freely spend. City somewhat stuck as clubs can offer close to nothing for their deadwood
One of the few City fans I have on Facebook has conveniently deleted his account 😂 can't make these lads up
Would have taken that last night. Shame about conceding 2 though. Still fucking get in!! #mufc
Possibly consider putting Rojo on for Blind. Navas looks far too quick for him and seems like that's where their next goal will come from
We need at least 1 if not 2 more I'd say to win this. Hopefully we'll kick on more in the second half
Decent first half by us. Disjointed first 15-20 mins. Improved since then. Defensively though we look very dodgy 90% of the time
