Actually na I'd still fucking hate him
I'd like Ed Miliband a lot more if he didn't fucking pronounce years like that
the new fucking star wars trailer oh my shit
#C3P0
Leigh Griffiths is definitely my favourite racist
Leigh Griffiths is underrated as fuck. One of the best strikers we've had in years
Me and Alex Salmond are good pals now
Do you still feel like me?
All these no voters raging about Salmond visiting Oban can get to fuck
Dogs are fucking gay
Spider-man on Channel 5. Yas.
Nobody makes a Dickens out of Keir Letford and gets away with it
Mind that time I got a tattoo on my arse
Freeeeeee Alan Buchanan
Beginning to regret packing my suitcase mortal. I've got more bucket hats than socks
Hearing Sgt. Pepper on vinyl has changed my life
The two guys off masterchef definitely shag eachother
If Cain Dingle fought Owen from Coronation Street the universe would implode
I'll eat my own shit before I step foot in mcts again
Ed Miliband has shit hair
The lyrics to In The Dying Of The Light are fucking beautiful. Noel's genius
Dat horn sound on savoy truffle tho
Martha My Dear has to be the best ever song written about a dog
Currently on the 405 bus into oban drinking Guinness out of a water bottle. My life hasn't changed at all since I was 15
Nigel Farage is fucking evil
Laurel from Emmerdale is in the condition I want to be in this weekend
Electricity comes from other planets
More like Kanye East
Why are the view so shit at using apostrophes?
Can you od on rennies
Once again The View prove themselves as the best Scottish band of all time. Cracking gig tonight, new tunes are incredible  @viewofficial
David the octopus
"@NME: Deputy PM Nick Clegg 'performs 'Uptown Funk'' in official Lib Dem mash-up video – watch http://t.co/EpjpZYgmWu"@DavidBeaton44
Back in my day, if you wanted to get to TMF you just had to go to channel 21 on your freeview box
Back in my day TMF was just a music channel
Seeing Scotland's greatest ever band for the 6th time tonight. Mon the view
Is Frankie Muniz still alive
Aye it's five to six and I'm watching deal or no deal, leave me alone
Has me in fucking stitches every time. Top notch
See when it's the last box on deal on deal or no deal and there's only a tenner left and the cunt opening the box goes "hopes it's a blue"
Noel Edmonds is definitely a paedophile
Fuck all decent tv on at this time. Why don't they put coronation Street and emmerdale omnibus on repeat during the night?
Going to make myself some lovely sausages for breakfast
Anybody want to buy a View ticket for Saturday?
Force of Nature by Oasis gets me angry as fuck
The thought of seeing the view twice next week is getting me through this sober weekend
Does Mo Farrah have learning difficulties?
Thatcher's legacy is alive and strong
Had a half hour argument with somecunt out tonight over solidarity vs SSP. That's the type of debate we should be having, not right v left
Still find it funny that you can celebrate your Irish heritage anywhere in the world except Scotland
Why are poppers legal
Irish heritage is a contentious issue but anti catholic bigotry isn't
How the fuck are orange marches allowed in Glasgow but St Patricks marches aren't?
Imagining going out on St Patricks day and singing the billy boys. Scum of the fucking earth
All I can see on Facebook and Twitter is cunts complaining about Ireland. How fucking backwards are we
Thank fuck we're not independent. We're not ready
Nothing more embarrassing than an irish pub playing techno shite on St Patricks day
Lee Dixon is shite at pretending not to be biased
Thought I'd been walking about with a stone in my shoe for three days. Turns out it was a fucking nail
Wish Cain Dingle was my dad
Sooooooldiers are we
Not even hungry
I'm a fucking legend
I'm sure the delivery man will be delighted to come here at half 2 in the morning to be paid in 5ps
Just ordered a takeaway for £8.65, Counted out all the 5ps in my wallet and they came to exactly £8.65. What a happy coincidence
We're going to be fucked next season without Denayer
Barrowlands in two weeks but
Formula 1 is worse than world hunger
Fucking formula one is a bigger story than the Scottish league cup final on the bbc news. Independence right fucking now
Pat Nevin has a fucking comb over
Fucking ruined it by playing Queen
United keeper looks delighted haha
That's a fucking disgusting tackle. Prick
Why has Rob Maclean got shite mutton chops
What a wacky weekend
Hurricane Alan
Live like a  king for a day, skint for the rest of the week x
That shit Croy
If Bono wanted to end poverty he'd sell one of his mansions or start paying his taxes
