Things that make you go hmmmmm!
Surprise, surprise! https://t.co/juVISKq6fL
If Cameron truly wants a liberalised housing market focused on home ownership then why does he not extend "right to buy" to private tenants?
Well managed to get another ticket for the game after letting mine go due to work commitments Come on you Redmen YNWA!
Oh dear, seems I've upset someone (again)!
Wembley tickets sorted, just need to organise some transport!
"What a f@cking rotter!' - does something to me every time I see Matlock say it!
Just met Bez in the train back from London!
Well no matter how bad a weekend Saints had, one is for sure Wigan still aren't good enough and Wire are still shite!
Well 8 first teamers out for today's game, lets see how we get on COYS!
CWU GS Billy Hayes in list of 50 of Liverpool's most influential political figures of all time http://t.co/dIUIPOlcbH
It's good Friday so like any good Catholic I'm in the pub at 10 am getting ready to go to Wigan
Been very impressed with some of the leftist principles stated by the minority parties (UKIP excluded)
I think Natalie Bennett has managed to put the brain fade behind her!
No matter how many times Miliband says it, £6k is not much better than £9k, #MakeItFree
The pedant in me just has to debunk dodgy memes, I honestly can't help myself!
Antibiotics finished and it's Friday - Guess what's on the shopping list!
Fecking he'll, "you bastard you left your bro a bloody mess but you're still not tough enough"  #BattleForNumber10
Cycling the scenic route along Sankey Valley http://t.co/iL6QNk0yI1
Is it wrong to have a pint with your breakfast?
Back in God's country! But the trains full of drunken pieeaters!
Just got a lesson in Glasgow politics at the Wee Mans , it seems Esther McVey's not well liked here as well as on Merseyside!
Wow Friday bonus! Dexys: Nowhere Is Home on BBC4 - I fecking love Kevin Rowland!
House of Cards, Better Call Saul and Walking Dead plus some Jamesons = top Friday night unwind!
That's really embarrasssing wearing that horrible thing @Willtheyounger  it's a terrible shirt! http://t.co/xMdZcLVzoi
Joe Allen MoM , closely followed by Sakho!
Well we've arrived in Stinkyville, good Saints turn out as well!  COYS!
General conference agenda pad - Let's see what's in store!
The really annoying thing about Clarkson is that no matter what happens,he ends up winning!
AAAAAAARGGGGGGGHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Fecking technology!!!!!!
Duckenfield to give evidence at 10, wonder what the papers will be saying tomorrow?
Funny how you bump into old comrades just met Kenny McKendrick in the Flattie!
Not sure they've quite got this one right - I got : Green! Which Party Are You? http://t.co/eJ2YgHc5tt via @play_buzz
Fantastic day with brilliant comrades, finished off with drinks at the monkey #CWUNW15
The problem with Cameron iand the tv is that he is all about mass debating!
Great to be there to  see the North West is leading the way for CWU again! #cwunw15
Why can't all my journeys to/from work be so easy and quick?
Help make it happen for 3-speed front bicycle gearbox Efneo on @indiegogo http://t.co/FrR1LqgDrf
World book day - Great initiative, but for me it's similar to Valentines day, if you're not doing it everyday then there's something wrong!
All you doubters hang your heads, me and @ShaunPritch90  always knew Jordan Henderson had it in him!
When they say it's health and safety gone mad, this is what they want Undercover cop infiltrated construction union  http://t.co/1b1iiYjVBp
Help stop the attack on further education sign the petition http://t.co/adf7eWN0XW
Hate it when you get email from Nat lottery saying good news from last night's draw check your acc asap, only to find you've won £2.80
Guitar Heroes at the BBC: Almost pornographic!
Well my dry weekend has got off to a good start, 2 pints of Saints gold! http://t.co/un8sKZQy9q
No time for tv, too busy doing union work!
I retract my statement from last night, SL is not competitive with NRL , top SL clubs would struggle in NRL
Beginning to feel the Buzz now! @Saints1890 vs @SSFCRABBITOHS  for World Club Challenge COME ON YOU SAINTS!!!
How annoying is Danny Alexander he always repeats the question he's just been asked rather than answer it!
Well after 50% of the World Club Series it looks like SL can now compete with the NRL!
Best of luck @MartinMurrayBox, don't leave anything unused!
I'd rather be represented by someone who can present themselves in professional manner, than these two buffooons http://t.co/94XdGsoy9w
Advanvced skills students + last week of course = bad influence
I hate it when you see a holiday on the web at a great price, and when you actually book it it costs almost twice as much! £70 for suitcase!
Agree with Myners, those calling labour anti business probably fixating on personal impact rather than being objective #TheyDontWantToPayTax
Seems that blues only have #OneShotOnTarget
The referee's Phil Bentham, the referee's Phil Bentham!
Off to the home of the Champions for the first game of the season!
Well done Widnes played most of the game 2 men down!
COME ON YOU STINKIES!!!
Best shot of the season?
There's a definate problem in education when the minister for ed says it "can" be life changing, it is ALWAYS life changing, good and bad!
That money supermarket ad with the bloke in the daisy dukes is just sooooooo wrong!
Love to see that dance @D_Sturridge
£12b profit in three months! Obscene!
Jose didn't see the two stamps by Costa but managed to see the "penalty" incident!
Balotelli is a luxury player, a bit like gout!
Thanks for giving #LFC some credit Niall, BTW Courtois MOM in both games!
No proven goalscorer, costly! Tie should've been done and dusted 120 mins ago!
Looking jaded now, low energy!
FFS. Halfie halfie scarf in the away end! Absolute scandal!
150 minutes?
Celtic? Ffs Niall!
Please dont mess it up now after those results!!   Come on you Redmen!
Pre match birthday drink in the Flattie with @ShaunPritch90
For some reason a pulled pork sandwich doesn't sound all that appetizing to me!
Free radical feminist rhinkers ebook sampler from the good people at verso http://t.co/n8IJftieIV
Well, that scoreline flattered Chelsea somewhat!
Let's get it straight, the Scum's not scrapping page 3, just covering up breasts whilst still pushing their twisted view of female sexuality
I just bought Still The Enemy Within  on @vhxtv https://t.co/AmtiwLFZPN
Yellow Snow Warning for the NW: FFS Don't eat it, it's bad for you! http://t.co/IOxp4Xtd0Q
