Put the text on my phone as small as possible so my parents can't read it 😂
Anyone looking for a job?
😴
French people are fab 🇫🇷
A french man stopped me this morning to tell me I was beautiful  
Best part was my mum had to translate 😂
Costa brownies are the best 👌
Trying to carry 3 cases and 3 lots of hand luggage cause dad broke his shoulder and mum has a messed up back is hard
Love being up at 3 am...
Skiing was so weird without Dad today 😢
#3valleys https://t.co/5tC6gMR5fk
Birthday boy #fave 😘🎉 https://t.co/ZoVvEr52Hm
I love that my mum is a columnist... for 6 papers... 😕😂 http://t.co/Nh2Xo7Lq3S
Still can't believw I didn't get sold a 15 today...
Relying on luck for these nabs tomorrow, TJ wouldn't be impressed
Awe my cousins are so jelous I'm going skiing and they aren't ☺
3 days to get fit for skiing 💪💪💪
Can't wait to go skiing now
I feel like I should change my lockscreen... http://t.co/7q5F4Wlo2r
Why would someone steal a pumpkin
I keep finding oranges around my house...
Actually so nervous for hockey today
I want to learn how to curl my hair
😴
dance gals 👯 https://t.co/SxHgeFixRp
Can't believe we might be performing at Edinburgh Fringe Festival!!!
Dance show was actually amazing tonight!! Can't believe how well it went! 💃 ☺👯#ecydc
Can't believe I met the Dalai Lama and was in the opening act over two years ago !!
Super cool big ball ball moves
Lost my 6th year application form, looks like I'm not going to school next year
Dance show in three days, so have three days to get a perfect figure 💪 😩
Dad is still hungover from last night 😂
This time next week we'll have finished our last show as a dance company 😢 #ecydc
Just spent the last five hours doing paperwork for my mum 😴
Just dropped my phone on my face and there's already a small bruise...
Still not filled in my choices form...
Match in the rain and hailstones was just perfect today...
Half an hour later I'm still locked out...
Up in 4 hours....yay
I want to go to bed and not wake up till summer
My feet are so sore, it's actually insane
Dance show was actually amazing yesterday!! #YDanceRoutes #ecydc
Up in 6 hours woo
He's cute 🙊😘 http://t.co/artFCz9Crc
Fs have a huge bruise on my forehead
would quite like my phone back sometime soon
last night was interesting...
Our dance costumes are certainly interesting...
My dad just said "rachael you're only 14 you don't have to think about university yet" 
My dad thinks I'm 14...
So nervous for the match...not played hockey in five months
#gameday
Babysitting is by far the best job
My cousins are the cutest
Up in 5 hours woo
I hate seeing videos of me dancing...
#Dominos
Who's failing p.e today? 🙋
Think I just need to accept that I'm going to fail chemistry tomorrow...
Less than 3 weeks till the dance competition 👯🙊
Spent ages on my hair this morning forgetting I have to scrape it back for work :(
Just spent the past 10 minutes trying to brush my hair...
