Awful question. Immigration holds up our public services. #BBCDebate
Farage just gets worse and worse.
Oh my word Farage.
Miliband's policies on housing are excellent.
Shame not many people know where Leanne Wood lives, eh.
Nicola Sturgeon is brilliant
Why is Natalie Bennett talking about Caroline Lucas?
Worried for Miliband given there's no Cameron/Clegg to slate tonight.
Strong XV from Newport to face Edinburgh.
Love David Luiz. Always will.
UKIP want a grammar school in every town. Ridiculous policy.
RIP to those that lost their lives at Hillsborough. #JFT96
Tories' manifesto is completely unfounded. They've no idea where the money is going to come from.
Vote Labour signs up on the window, doing my bit for @Torfaen_Labour!
Cameron reviving the 'Right to Buy' policy. Thatcherism isn't dead. Get him out, so we don't have another 5 years of it.
'Code of a Killer' was excellent. Great depiction of a true story. A Smiths reference in the first episode along with it too.
An awful music festival then. Ah.
What's a Coachella?
Glen Johnson is employed by a Premier League team.
How has Lee Mason missed that? That's disgraceful refereeing
Surely not accurate.  https://t.co/PPpt6BP4uy
Newcastle vs Liverpool again living off a few 4-3's back in the mid-90's.
Good stuff from Labour recently but I'd love to see a pledge to renationalise the railways. That'd tip a lot of voters in favour.
People are voting for these you know.  https://t.co/vhHifbATVM
Golf is absolutely awful isn't it. Irrelevant sport.
Not sure why Chelsea fans are moaning about objects being thrown at the players. Asking for it if you celebrate in front of opposing fans.
Fantastic result for Newport. Leinster's top 4 hopes take a huge blow.
Oh my word Toby Faletau you are unbelievable
This is all from Prydie. Clever rugby.
Love a charge down me
Could be on for Newport this...
Hallam Amos has just been decimated.
Jack Dixon is a great prospect.
Super Frank
4-1. Jesus
HAHAHAHHAA
Can't stand S4C coverage.
No way back for Newport at home to Leinster. Just too good after a promising start.
Juan 💔
Andrew Marr giving George Osborne an absolute pasting regarding the NHS today. Excellent viewing.
Remember when people were claiming Kompany is better than Terry
None of the teams on my bet are losing. This is abnormal.
Gilroy is class. Ulster running away with it.
Jeremy Hunt is seriously deluded.
The intro to 'Hand in Glove' is magical.
You gotta roll with it
Brook vs Gavin hahahahahaha what a joke
The Harry J All Stars - "The Liquidator" (Official Audio) http://t.co/WI7owIkE2S
The Clash - London Calling http://t.co/L3ZGMtonFE
Tories blaming Lib Dems again. Desperation.
Caroline Lucas is an excellent politician.
Liz Truss promoting tax evasion, there.
David Cameron successfully lead the country. Which country was this? #BBCQT
Embarrassing  https://t.co/fMFy7uwoLJ
Absolutely brilliant from @dragonsrugby. Great to see the club putting the fans first.
Vintage TV. Enough said.
The Smiths - Accept Yourself Remastered http://t.co/rXl0WPh55D
The Smiths - Still ill. http://t.co/ZjsSESZwJB
The Smiths - That Joke Isn't Funny Anymore http://t.co/XaZB3rJaY0
The Smiths - This Night Has Opened My Eyes http://t.co/f7iTVrohiF
She took away your troubles, oh, but then again, she left pain.
So, please save your life, because you've only got one.
Labour scrapping the 'non-Dom' rule is brilliant to see.
