I'm totally on the band wagon tonight
Omg Natalie you are smashing it
Fair fucking play
Trident bad. Defence not bad.
Nothing is more self interested and morally repugnant than self preservation and by proxy, pacifism
Solid answer on military capabilities sturgeon.
Fair play Natalie
Omg it's like game of thrones without any of the cool stuff
Omg this is so exciting!
He's a cunt but come on, you cannot take nige seriously
The arrogance of the man is unreal... So happy to hear the absent fucker get royally trounced
He's already started with the 7 minute thing!
And where is the bastard?! #leadersdebate
If I may?
But it's a zeitgeist thing based around a bodily function, whereas rave culture and it's attendant drug use was the total opposite.
It's just what my generation do
The same collective impulse to nosh down competitive levels of kale mirrors the extravagant use of ecstasy in the 90's
It's not a negative though
"all I eat is kale and I feel SO GOOD"
And it did nothing, I had a really boring night, but felt SO GOOD this morning "
Wouldn't surprise me if people started selling kale at clubs, then healthsters would be able to say "Omg all I had was kale extract last...
Top ten raw kale recipes
Capitalism is naff because it's all just shopping really and shopping is boring
That benedict/benidict/benedictine Drew set was ACE. Sterling stuff @grandunionltd
Moving to Wales. I always liked Aberdyfi.
'Rebecca's generation' - powerful
I've had three houses built in my street in the past 21 minutes alone #leadersdebate
That's what's missing: an actual communist. Say what you like about Stalin but...
Bored now lol
Oh piss off clegg
What's this fucking new house every seven minutes business
I've lost 3 followers tonight. Harsh.
"I'm a 25 year old graduate with a good job"  hahahaha
Don't let him offend you! He's only being daft. You fight people like Farage by making jokes about their mother's.
There's no point in taking nige seriously. If his opponents got a sense of humour he'd be done for.
For absolutely no reason
I'd love it if the woman chairing the debate put on a Mr Blobby outfit
STOP LOOKING AT THE CAMERA
Leanne fucking smashing it
I'd love it if one of them lit up a fat spliff
How can Nigel be the only one with a sense of humour? He's so easy to take down in comedy terms, yet non of them can. So depressing.
So far as right wingers go I'm with nige
David Cameron is a total piece of shit
Even when leanne has a camera moment she comes across as being human.
Not sure about the Australian either
Is milliband in an advert for life insurance? Love you to bits but I'm not sure about those camera moments. #leadersdebate
Everything Nicole sturgeon says is on point but...meh
I proper like leanne wood. Comes across as thoroughly decent.
Plaid Cymru for the win. #leadersdebate
It might be magical, but compared to my day, last night's alabaster was the realest thing. Another tip-top talk courtesy of @xspecialpeople
Feels like a monologue inside Owen Jones' brain
Twitter debate about politics is so *hmmmm yeah*
the funny thing about grindr is that everyone on it is lonely
brb just checking my privilege
You give the Midlands a bad name @LondonMidland
You are ruining my life @LondonMidland
George Osborne looks like Mr Bean
The tragi-comedy of rude Black Country life
People who say "I'm a bit of a geek" on tinder can go Fuck themselves
But MySpace is still the best
Facebook is better because at least etiquette requires you meet before the mirage gets going
Twitter creates a mirage of closeness between people who will never meet
Top 5 vegetables of 2014
2015 will also be the year of white men with dreadlocks
2015 will be the year of white middle aged men
limbering my lips up for @eprjcts quiz tonight. I'll be making sweet, sweet music.
Someone will probably throw themselves under a train today, at exactly the same place where the erasure sing along started.
There are only about 12 instances per year when people are happy on the tube - all of which go viral.
I bet the other bulls don't even care because if you're a bull all you'd want to do is eat grass
I meant bull. The gay bull. I want a gay bull.
Hehehe
Seriously though, the gay cow story is the cutest thing
Top 10 gay cows of 2014
Still can't believe Tom Daley is Bi
Mel B seems pretty sound tho tbh
If I was rich and I sent my children to private school and they didn't get into Oxbridge I would kill them
If you're rich you have absolutely no right to be thick
I think rich people should all feel obliged to not be stupid
Seriously warming to Russell Brand.
Insanely good set by Jane Fitz @blackdotevent last night. Never heard anything quite like it.
Born to be Mild
I wonder how many people aren't watching the #TurnerPrize right now?
I wish lauren and the guy who keeps talking about serious stuff would SHUT THE FUCK UP and let Russell take his clothes off #TurnerPrize
Russell Tovey 4 the win #TurnerPrize
Do Gay Lords actually exist?
Brilliant to see such an amazing resource/venue/whatever opening up in Stourbridge. Nice work @Unit3Sixty
There are still people who have "tea drinker" in their Twitter tagline... so not cool.
Deep down, all I want out of life is to learn the dance routine to  'Call Your Girlfriend' by Robyn.
Meh!
If I don't get at least 6 likes/retweets on my previous 5 or so tweets I'm going to kill myself
Enjoyed meeting @J_arris at home, can't wait to see him again later
Met the lovely @J_arris at home today
My followers to following to tweet ratio's are insane. Twitter makes me feel SO ALONE, like I'm talking to myself at a networking event
And I've still only got 114 followers! FML
Love my m8's
It's good for news and lol pics tho (ooh saw a lovely lol pic courtesy of the lovely @OnlyLOLpics)
Which are then re-tweeted by the person they met
Just realised that 90% of tweets relate to people having said they've just spoken to somebody, or had a meeting, or bumped into someone nice
Remember 'Faceparty'?
Really into tassels right now
"You peoples of the modern world, you have no slaves, but you are slaves yourselves; you pay for their liberty with your own"
Annie Kenney: the unsung working class heroine of the suffragette movement 
http://t.co/kbn5bs4RmG
Thank you @NHSEngland for the wonderful staff at Corbetts Hospital who made my wisdom tooth extraction bearable.
Shut that door!
The freedom to drive down wages by a rapacious capitalist elite?
What are people defending when they defend freedom of movement between EU states? The freedom to turn labour into a commodity?
Art-world nepotism is embarrassing
The Corruption of Liberalism http://t.co/u7prX1ohkz via @tnr
Didn't like it when he put his fingers in my mouth though
He even offered to shape my eyebrows and shave my back
My entire head is now either hair or skin. No middle downy ground whatsoever.
And shaved parts of my face I never even knew I had
Barber set my ears on fire
Just had the most sensual hair cut
I also want to start a mid week 'indie disco' called Blair Years
I want to open a lesbian club night called 'You've Sent Lorraine' that uses the Yves Saint Laurent logo
How disgusting is it when people say "Just to fill you in..." or "Could you fill me in?". SO GROSS LOL!
The sorrowfully grand empty pool at the Balsall Heath Baths: http://t.co/YQg9T3QRh3
Ever wanted to see me wet and semi naked? Then come on down to the floating forum at Moseley Baths with @fiercefestival and @xspecialpeople
Dates 'n m8's
"Fit, sane and sorted looking 4 same"
I loved it when H from steps got asked what the H actually meant and he said "Hyperactive" loooool
Emma Watson is probably the worst thing to happen to feminism since the Koran
Omg 99 followers
Errrrmmmm why does Manchester always get the labour party conference and Birmingham the tory one? Not fair
Ahahahahaha! Will Self: The awful cult of the talentless hipster has taken over http://t.co/S9PSOsG50q
Jobless rates falls to 6.2% but this is happening: BBC News - Pauper's funeral for 18-year-old among 500 in Wales http://t.co/DagnhIcJtK
BBC News - Scottish independence: NHS in Scotland 'faces £400m funding gap' http://t.co/PUsGMknSdh
Unions say planned international trade deal poses threat to NHS http://t.co/tZi9hUa6fH
Brilliant article: The privileged few are tightening their grip | Nick Cohen http://t.co/qryBvPuOI4
Meanwhile in moseley: I just saw a guy on a unicycle holding a melon
Why is George Galloway being given a platform to debate his thoughts on #indyref? The no campaign is a genuine PR disaster.
French &amp; Saunders - Awful Art Dealers - Best Funn…: http://t.co/RI9eynrW0T
England’s love-bombing of Scotland is a pathetic afterthought | Suzanne Moore http://t.co/vxSeEuyvqD
If Scotland goes independent England will loose 40 labour mp's and will probably be governed by the Tories foreverrrrrr.
Got called a boring heterosexual tonight. Ace.
When miners and gay activists united: the real story of the film Pride http://t.co/EWtGATgBhV
Not being ageist or anything but no man over the age of fifty should be allowed to wear skinny jeans.
Just discovered a place in the meat market that sells pork scratchings by the pound. Today is a good day.
http://t.co/ZGX5svx12Q
Laid bear
Bear with me!!!
Bare with me
Bear with me
Like father like son @eprjcts @nathan77hansen http://t.co/czOoZVHkzH
Grindr: probably the only place where you're as likely to begin a conversation with a picture of a face as you are a picture of an asshole
