Literally waited last second to do taxes lmao
I wanted it soooooo bad!!
There always gotta be traffic when I'm in a rush!
This gut I got going on needs to go
Just get two on and Jung ho gang got this!
Crushed
Eddie Murphy with the game tying homerun!!!
Oh look at that it makes Ben lovejoy minus like 20 since he got here
Thank god the Pirates start tomorrow
Furious 7 was awesome!
Fetty wap trap queen my shit!!
Been at work for two hours and sweating my ass off! Fever go away!
So I brush my teeth! And then I see a candy bar and of course I'm pissed I just brushed my teeth
I wish sheetz would deliver me hotdogs app platters
A much needed day off tomorrow to hopefully get rid of this sickness
I just wanna quit my job and go home to and go to bed lol
Someone save me from the most boring night ever at work
New purchases for the 2015 @pirates season! I can't wait for opening day!! #baseballcomeback https://t.co/FMElMTJZDc
My nose has to be broken!
I want chicken fries so bad
I wish there was just a pirates 24/7 radio
I want to do fantasy baseball
I hate being questioned at work about this shit!
Fuck you Eric and Michelle
When I'm able to grow a man beard I'm shaving my head completely
Couldn't be more upset in my life
I'm off tomorrow!!!
Literally falling asleep standing here at work
Forgetting what it's like to have days off from work
Wow Pettis really lost
I wanted to go to the zoo today!
Shit I don't wanna work
It would be this shitty on my only day off
What in the world are the Eagles doing lmao
He missed the net damnit Bennett
Late night favorite aye @Stevenson412
Why did everyone share their face last night lmao
Wish I could find somewhere to go tonight
I WANT FOOD
all the pens fans are pissed about the trades the made yesterday so they get sick of hearing about baseball because its only spring training
home run alvarez!!!
Best believe I'm streaming that pirate game at 1
It instantly smells like shit driving into north Versailles when your coming from the city
Don't understand how this keeps happening
The nfl is going to be so different when Peyton manning retires
What in the actual fuck goes on in this dollar store http://t.co/t9zW1Yx7WY
I want chinese
Cold out there by the cathedral huh @ZZapf76
This game is intense
Both pittsburgh trades have not made me happy at all
Grey hairs in the beard wtf lol
My life is a joke
I gotta see what game of thrones is about
RIP Stuart Scott! You were one of my favorite sport announcers!
It's time!!!! Main event coming next #UFC182
Chris collinsworth would most likely enjoy a gangbang from the entire Ravens team
Jon jones is my all time favorite fighter but I feel like he's gonna get beat down! I hope I'm wrong still rooting for you tonight!
HOLY FUCK
Pretty sure I just shit out my intestines
Just saw Jordan giving joe road head
There goes the season
Freakin starving!
Joe flacco is killing it today !
Comcast is pissing me off!!
Damnit Jabari
I'm gonna stab someone in the neck
Not trying to work today
Not home yet start work at 845 in the morning and work until 11 at night lol tomorrow should be fun
