Then again, who am I kidding? These are the last 2 weeks for the next 3yrs that I'll probably ever only have half a day of work.
I'd rather work in the AM and have the afternoon off than the other way around.
This weather is too dreary for me.
Guys, I just purchased my first Kitsch Bun Pin! I've only been staring at them for the past few months. It'll be here in 5-6 days!
Special offer from Kitsch: $5 Off your 1st purchase - http://t.co/8spvutp6ju
Wake up at 6, get to work at 8, get sent home for a "study" morning at 830. Have to be back at 1 for clinic. #thejoysofbeingamedstudent
You don't even really care.
Almost nothing is better than talking to a friend about what's bothering you, and having her understand completely.
April 12: I am thankful for sunny weather for days when you have long roads ahead.
April 11: I am thankful for being able to spend today shopping for an engagement ring with someone I consider a brother.
Studying these ppts for Geriatrics is actually more fun than I thought it would be. #nerd4lyfe
Not looking forward to anything today.
Feeling rather blah today.
April 10: I'm thankful to be apartment shopping, knowing that I will FINALLY be paying rent with my own hard-earned money.
April 9: I'm thankful for surprise days off.
I think my love of Olaf is getting too intense. Any time I pass by a Frozen section, I'm always on the look out for him.
Reading my old blogposts and seeing the one written after I learned I had gotten into medical school :). Everyone should keep a blog.
http://t.co/pNBMCvZWYk Beautiful ending and tribute to Paul Walker.
Apartment shopping has me in the mood to decorate.
I really hope my abdominal pains go away. This day to day life is no fun. :/
I need a good lower back cracking.
I wish Sadiq and I had had a chance to get engagement pictures done.
Have to write an Ethics paper over a patient death. Luckily, I have blogged about one before and can just tweek it. #winning
My mom told me a story last night of how she used to be in a military bootcamp kind of training. #wow
Also, my attending texted me back at 3 telling me to just use today as a study day. #ihadalreadymadethatdecision
I just submitted my preferences for rotations next year. What exactly am I expected to know?
That tribute scene in Furious 7 &lt;&lt;&lt;
MY life. https://t.co/D6nRw5eiUP
No response. I'll call it a day. :).
I'm going to call it a day if I don't hear back by 130.
