I'm completely obsessed with bubbline again. Someone... please... ki..ll m...eeee...
What is the purpose of your face?
Wut. I slept for twelve hours. And I'm still fucking tired. I'm so gross.
Never bothered to look up purity ring music videos before. Sometimes they can ruin a song for me. Here goes nothing...
I'm getting this guitar soon. But I need a name. Lucifer or Victor? http://t.co/FPoD39gNBB
I looked at this. Now suddenly everything makes sense. http://t.co/X0sfkQvMn1
Reading @cracked and eating stoner food. Am I a breathing oxymoron?
Why the FUCK do my shins hurt so badly right now!?
These were created by Satan himself. Why can't I stop!? Why, Glob!? Why!? http://t.co/pBtOERbljx
God damn. Legatos are fucking hard.
I woke up in a cold sweat just now. And my lower back is killing me. What the fuck is going on with me lately?
Someone to hold me and tell me that I matter. It feels like no one cares what I think or say.
Of all fucking times, too. I'm an emotional wreck and my girlfriend is in France. I just want a hug...
Normally, I can come home to Alexandria, Victoria, Anastasia (and now Emma) and they help make the hurt go away. But not now, I guess.
I can't even let my feelings out through music. I ripped the nail off of my left index finger. It fucking hurts to play.
And maybe if I aspire to do something with myself, I might not feel so insecure.
Like, maybe if I didn't take my feelings out on the people closest to me, I wouldn't feel like garbage all the time.
Sometimes I feel like my life would be so much better if I wasn't such a horrible person.
Nothing like waking up after noon! Someone put mgr out of my misery...
Everyone, meet Emma. http://t.co/aegWyRrnvq
What even is this last tweet? Wut? Free sex! Naw. I don't believe it.
Alright. I guess I'll jack off and then go to bed. Goodnight internet.
My budget is $370...
But Ibanez only does the Xiphos, Iceman, and Destroyer series. Only the Destroyers look good (They look like explorers).
...They're $700.
I think that I might even go Ibanez... But I'm really feeling crazy non-traditional guitar body look. Explorers, Flying V's, Warlocks.
Thank God you don't have retard strength, Skype. You're fucking retarded, but thankfully you can't beat the shit out of me.
To my next guitar, I say this: I don't know who you are yet. But your name is Emma. And I already love you.
That is my no sleep decision. Do I have the money for a new guitar? No. Do I give a shit? Nope.
That's it. Fuck it. That's fucking it. I'm buying another guitar. Either a Jackson V, a Jackson Explorer, or a B.C. Rich Warlock.
What it looks like from over here. http://t.co/Jdo66MkWV3
Chillin' and watching Sanic from my laptop. Hooked it up to the TV. Got my Bluetooth keyboard and USB mouse. I'm set. http://t.co/YHkIKHtrYt
*Keeps playing anyway.*
*Plays Sonic X theme song out on guitar as loud as possible while dancing around then gets tangled in the 1/4 inch cable and falls on ass.*
