I mean nothing     babel on
Dicks
Somebody should wipe u out
U corrupt fucks u are not safe
Land a helicopter in Capitol saying to Congress f u
Who u kidding a police chief saying running that guy over saved lives. What are u high
cheese any one can do it
Soon I'll be making spaghetti. Noting fancy some ground beef maybe some chicken breast lots of sauce and tomato paste  noodles and grated
The serpent
And yet I remember very few dreams but I nightmare occasionally on snakes I remember that
I had this dream about snakes the other day but I woke as it got hectic
Never a waste just an adventure of new path new experience. Round and round as the wheel goes where it stops nobody knows
Matter how u think I did I put in more hours than u know and than most work
However may always do a little writing now I know I love it.  As I hear words like deification time work ethic if this was a job no
Well even the time lines correct after three half years babbling ready for next phase
A nice snooze
I didn't call on gravel today oh well I will I did some running and frankly was tired so guy who brings light  turned out the light for
Just comes as the spirit moves me
But I'll get a few more good deep thinking runs to write about
After millions of words I am with less words now on the stretch home
Babel on
Regardless
Or that's me selling
That's from field of dreams
Hey I was thinking about my fifth and Cleveland ideas remember in words of Kevin Costner if u build it they will come
Here's an irony bread has no bread or I was gonna make chicken salad  I'll get some
PS with eggs and toast its great stuff
It has potatoes to
Looks like dog food from a can but fry it its good
I'm frying up some good American Irish corned beef hash   I like it regardless what it is
Its been established I am making spaghetti and meat sauce for dinner. Why. Because I have the materials to make it and its good grub
I was looking at my Jesus Christmas it was good week http://t.co/Zhps95Rc9S
http://t.co/FXgZMp7Nei
http://t.co/WazJcHU7Us
http://t.co/ft7F0yLMu0
Who knows progress but what do I know I am only a savior white bread
It was timkens grandpa worked there over thirty years  but I see walmart or strip mall maybe a bar
So the king is truly hoping something good for city is going at fifth and Cleveland its to good of real estate to put warehouse although
Soon a little maybe productive
Hey I like looking at yoga pants.  I'm watching doctor show no have not been productive yet
My kids want me to do that other job ahh I'll figure it out  they know I hate america
My kid says uncle m doesn't even make that grand a week  i said said he makes more like ten a week well closer to that than one
They did two gas stations big ones last night that's allot they white wash all the concrete get did gum do windows blast off oil
Crazy kid he says if u want hella bitches and happiness u need bread.  Hey I am bread fool
Youngest hates school at 7:30. That's early for kids   but anyhow
Schools at four. Nice huh
So I am off today to do some stuff and get Evan to school later he can sleep till three after work all night
Kids
That was old house I brought girl home her took her car out for joy ride
I said get the f our of my car
Hand on wheel music up like he was a pro
Him his license  he can drive but not legal yet thank god he's past stealing my car once I was so pissed he came rolling in no shirt one
Evans home thirteen hours they may have slept on way home in rest area last time Evan said he hung out while john nap soon maybe we will ger
I'm gonna they one of those Jamaican pastry with beef
Its really fish chicken and lots more
I just ran up to Royal fish and chicken got two gyros  they have cakes and some other stuff its OK anyhow time for gyros
It was still good the veggies enhanced its meal quality
For the records there was broccoli and carrots in our chicken garlic pasta
Anyhow dinner in skillet
Meant we swear back and forth
Slang for OK dude.  F u john. Only I can say as we do all day behind scenes
So gotta give him props
He wants quality work
That john even though he can be a dick he worked all Day with me all night my kid
Alright Evan went to work praise the Lord
Garlic chicken pasta from a kit
Almost time to coins dinner. Waiting on dishwasher
Oh ya I have a west and Jordon as cousins that may or Kay not be American but they where born here dads sisters kid so must be
Like a bat out of hell. Sounded like gun shot
Squashed that ball
I wondered if it would off side a bus but nope
One in a hundred I've seen roll through
Aka dog bit basketball its dead
As he told brother  Ethan we have him as he us a guard dog and we kinda love but not as much as each other
Or put your shit up
I said don't play with him like that he can't distinguish
Evans slamming stuff he left his basket ball thunder pops them one bite
Meant vocal lungs
Ya watching voice in between whatever I do and kids dogs even leaving
Hey Christina agulara u got a set of lungs and I saw u on Fallon so versatile
I've said before littlest the meanest
For what its worth  maybe nothing
There all big dudes and most can fight
Just babel yet fact
My cousins named American English tom Ron Jon Dan shit like that. A Brent
Under cover
Then I. Brad Smith.    Hilarious. Like John Doe for Jesus
Its Ohio stuff Smucker's Orville I think I had relative that name some of the men had weird names in my family
We don't want your stinking preservatives. OK maybe some. And strawberry preserves are darn good
Beans some meats it not grains
I know some can't. Bit apples bananas broccoli
Cheeses
Although I like the sweet things in life I said milk peanut butter  yogurts
All night
Yes I have dishes in Ethan and I will eat Evan will he with john he has so much energy he is playing basketball few hours before he works
Hey even Judea makes crack potatoes and she is a grandma.  No there is no real crack or any animals harmed in making of this tweet
They should call pound cake the new one of top three cakes better than crack. Well that may depend on the night and company u keep
I deem it American of old good. Not this new crap America
Its just delicious.  U know pound cake
So to get my sweet on I took a spoon of peanut butter
I have a real serious problem   what it is is  I ate all that pound cake.  To make it even better is it had a small infuse off pudding
Its good when the boss is a killer.  Well no well ya well I am just having fun
Babel on      so it was nice day huh kinda
I send my kid to work with earned sniper just saying
I am proud if him for that I'll cross one bridge at a time
Wash them    I didn't day fuck because he is about to go work all night
Yes. Well can u go get them I so can cook dinner
The life of a single father in the ghetto half not   i said Evan I can't believe we lost every pan in the house   do u have some upstairs
But not really but some times u gotta toss it out see what sticks as time molds it     yes more deep thoughts. Of b rad
Or some good bullshit evolving
Dun dun dah.   That's my homemade sound effect in your own mind by reading. Bring it off the page
Bunch of boring shit u don't care about. Of do u
Oil used as back in place of gold etc
Thief in the night thief in the day all I ask is to clear the way
Babylon
Babel on
Bread of heaven
Agent 1 Adam 12 the eagle bread. Code for
Ya that's deep.    I know that's why I am me white bread
Somebody has to throw some reality in what is even unreality
Where is the sanity within the insanity
Just shit to at least think about it has some merit if u understand wtf I said
Lions and tigers and bears oh my
That's probably all out if whack and gold to real estate to inflated markets
But currency was meant to always have enough gold to back it long time ago
U suck and can't be trusted I don't need any one to tell me that
Babel on
And blah blah etc
And his some of the money is so off. And who had JFK killed
U ought to hear this theory my kids giving on banks and USA and printing money not matching gold weight
A cop car somewhere
Did u see that car just run dude over
Look tornados beat u up rains flood
Beat to half death like is another news story
Who the fuck knows I don't care what your title if u can't beat up an an armed man get a new job no need to shoot and I don't mean
My kid asked why  dad how's come cops now just shoot people
Are we not under same nation
Its becoming ridiculous
What
Old man confuses his gun with taser
Sorry big deal he Kay have robbed somebody so u run him over
Or suspect
Key word subject
What now a cop ran a guy over
Roxanne Roxanne put on the Red light
U don't have to put on the red light
Put on the red light
Roxanne
Roxanne u don't ha r to put on the red light
Maybe both for a bit but the naive went away
Where either naive it cool enough to bite their tongue
Although sometimes two stories down I heard bradley I smelled pot the minute I hit the landing. Oh well.  Mom and dad although not approving
Enough on that
Open a window
I had top floor walk up attic couch cable big room it felt for a kid and smoke rises we partied heavy
Babel on
Babylon
I don't lice there know. Pool in back they may he like why all these people drive by oh bread lived there as pre bread
We really did have a red door but with rounded top like a castle door or old architecture  128 miller rd mahwah nj 07430.
Anyhow
Yes I am off work now and bored. My kid works all night again then all three if us Thursday night well my kid I and sniper john
Red door I see a red door and never painted it black
Angie. Angieeee to see u cry.  I was thinking how many good songs the stones.  Hey mic before I was bread and part satin I grew up with a
I didn't even pay the three fifty I can't complain  I will save that for something else
Well that's a change up from I hate USA isn't it    is work over yet.   No but few hours hopefully
Unlimited soda
Here is some trivia for u where can u eat lunch in USA and be stuffed for 3.50  Sam's club. Didn't say it was gourmet but its decent &amp;
Not communist Ohio
One I actually like
I was wondering if I could go back be born in a good country
Divided states of hell. United satin alliance USA
Its where it feels I live
Here's to another day in hell
Always good to see its messy somewhere in the USA   well for now
Well at least there are storms somewhere in America
America sucks thanks to politicians that suck
I told u we went back to whole milk no two percent or water milk the real stuff
With this chocolate breakfast powder my kids drink it to
Its milk. Milk it does a body good
So I had to run to store get some milk and pot  but anyhow Jesus likes milk. U may think breads favorite drink beer coke or Bourbon but no
I'll tweet my orders from Ohio
What's up with these jokes running for president sorry that's how u feel I think the king will support Hillary if I can secret leader VP
Theres not shit in TV maybe I'll watch net flix
http://t.co/BucSMbQnZK
http://t.co/qsyI8J5BTs
One the dogs won't jump
In the back I like to he nosy out front
As spring hits one side wall of tree but I almost need pravacy fence I saw cool one other day out of that new material but sturdy
Maintenance and mud I'll put some pavers and two three inches stone its not that big one side three quarters done back is grass or will
I did get the go ahead to measure for gravel at our rental and ad my yard well my soon semi rock garden patio  really for cutting down
Babylon
Blah blah etc babel on
But anyhow I still have few things personal but maybe after kids get older or someone else cleaning
More to deal with dust around sometimes just clutter
As far as chotzksy or overload furniture even clothes just more shit
I almost feel like playing my drums I cleaned that room out so not much else in it next the kitchen and basement
Even little bear the neighbor said I'm not coming in that little one was biting me so we put him up that's the yard
Honest u walk in my house your getting attacked by a pit bull then me and then Shepard's maybe my kids
I can't help it its his breeding I suppose and maybe soon needs fixed
Poor thunder wants out but I have to watch him he can jump and he attacks
