1-4 of the #SFGiants lineup sounds fine today. Then you realize that Blanco is hitting 5th.
Things will change once Pence gets back but the Giants need to survive until then.
Buster Posey gets a day off today. That makes it even harder for the #SFGiants to break their losing streak!
I'm dying to see the #SFGiants win tonight. So that game needs to hurry up and get here!
Maybe I'm just cranky because the #SFGiants are on a losing streak. They can change that tonight!
My last tweet may have sounded selfish it isn't. I consider myself to be a very unselfish, but when people take advantage of that...
I don't ask for or expect much from anyone. Sometimes I wish certain people would give me the same courtesy!
Ike Taylor is retiring from the #NFL. Won 2 Super Bowls and played all 12 of his seasons with the #Steelers. That doesn't happen very often!
Pete Rose is getting up there in age and he deserves to see himself in the Hall of Fame one day. Make it happen! #MLB
Lawrence Phillips is a perfect example of someone who has never grown up and never will! #NFL
Baseball is the most unpredictable sport in America, in my opinion. That's a big reason why I love it so much. It can surprise you! #MLB
The Giants have lost 4 in a row but they could come back and win 4 in a row starting tomorrow! #SFGiants
You know who needs to get the #SFGiants offense started? Brandon Belt. I have a feeling he is going to start heating up!
There is no realistic trade that will ever happen for the Kings when it comes to DeMarcus Cousins. It just won't happen! #SacKings
I have 0 reasons to follow Michael Crabtree at this point. Have fun Crabtree!
With everything going on lately I've been lagging but I need to search for #SFGiants tickets. Going is a must, always!
The Bee Gees just started playing on my Metallica station. Never seen that one before but okay.
Hahahahaha. Michael Crabtree is expected to sign with the #Raiders. I can't stop laughing! #49ers
Hey the Yankees are on national TV again. I'm shocked! #ESPN
Hold your head up @Hesto23, you pitched great. Nothing you can do about what happened today!
Maybe they already do, but the whole #SFGiants lineup should feel guilty for doing absolutely nothing to get Chris Heston a win today!
Yep, this game was frustrating as shit. But it's too early to risk putting a hole in my wall. Get it together though! #SFGiants
8 innings down, and the #SFGiants are down 2-0. Its the 9th inning or nothing!
Can the Giants score 3 runs in 3 innings? They better hope so!
The Giants are struggling, on top of that we still have to hear Amy G? Why?
