There is nothing quite like a Management of Constraint Theory Midterm to justify the amount of tequila I'll drink tonight.
As an avid film enthusiast, I would still have to say that may favorite movie still is The Godfather.
lol @ #LibertyNotHillary
Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes
Money and Weapons 24/7
If @RandPaul doesn't get elected, I will have lost faith in our political system.
Sleeping in a field of Poppies
There are 23,000 nuclear weapons on this planet.
It appears that Mexicans don't take vacations.
I wanna put on.. my my my my boogies shoes.
Martha Stewart killin it on the roast of Justin Bieber
#BieberRoast is def the highlight of my day
Bad day for the stock market
Some prefer the beach, I prefer a snowy slope and foreign accents.
Whistler is da bomb http://t.co/txYXNqDh5t
Truth is, I'd rather sell the bullets of imperialism than eat the billets of oppression.
Shia Muslim countries: Egypt, UAE, Libya, Jordan. They have 2.5 million soldiers. ISIS has 20,000 fighters. This isn't the U.S.'s problem.
Over 5,000 dead from the fighting in Ukraine. Pro-Russian Separatist fighting spreads east, peace seems unlikely. #RussianRoulette
That death stare you give when people get to close to your board in the lift line. #BackItUpBrah
Driving these kansas back roads is my pilgrimage to the Mecca of Pow this weekend. #RealSnow @skisnowcreek
When your texting in your bed and drop your phone on your face. #FatLip #firstworldproblems
Joaquin Phoenix's new movie "Inherent Vice" was different, to say the least.
Drug policy has failed. Stop empowering a $380 billion dollar a year illegal business, backed by organized crime. #Regulation #BreakTheTaboo
2.3 million prisoners, that's more incarcerated people then the entire US military. There are even more corrections officers than marines.
I just rocked my glock to buy a steak
Jiro Dreams of Sushi on Netflix is a very interesting perspective on a chefs lifelong quest of perfection and dedication to his craft.
I'm thinking a Cuba trip this summer.
I ain't got no type.. When I met codeine, it was love at first Sprite.
I've never seen a frisbee full of cocaine until last night.
I fucking love Venice Beach
Happiness is just the cost of a plane ticket away.
Such a beautiful day to stroll through Dog Town.
Owen Wilson is the shit, he gets it hard in the VIP section.
Half of an addy and a quarter of a Z bar is one hell of a gym cocktail.
Always two pieces of gum, since one just ain't enough.
Trivia crack is consuming my whole day
Behind Blue Eyes
Copper Mountain.. It's been a slice. http://t.co/kfyJzg0xgN
I love finding those little indie Netflix gems
Prescription snapchat season has officially started.
