You're building an NBA franchise with one player.  Take your pick.  I want to say LeBron, but I'm tempted to say Anthony Davis.
Doing some reading on the psychology of terrorism.  Interesting stuff.
In one sense or another, I am certain that every human being is a conformist.
"Be your own boss." - Sam Miller, Entrepreneur and My Little Pony fan
Death to the impostors.  Label me the king.  My dreams could win Oscars.
I know nothing about the deeper facts of the Aaron Hernandez case.  That being said, I hope the system got it right.
We have the best criminal justice system in the world and it still fails frequently.
Had an amazing time at the Bucco game with my beautiful lady @stephkmur
Please tell me why Holdzkom is in Indianapolis but Scahill is up here in Pittsburgh.......
That's all on Cervelli.  You have to be screaming that the throw is going to third.  No play at home with Cutch's arm.
Miggy is too good.  He just took that to right field with such ease.
SPEED KILLS BRUH
LET'S GET IT!  #BUCN #PNCPark #GameOne
I'm a pretty open minded person, but it baffles me that people vehemently reject equal pay for women.  #EqualPayDay
Thanks for everything @Ike_SwagginU.  Forever grateful for your contributions to #SteelersNation
So my Xbox One breaks because the hardware is inherently faulty, and I have to pay $135 for a repair.  YEP.  MAKES SENSE.  CAPITALISM.
My Xbox One just broke.  Sweet.
My abs have achieved a new level of soreness.
Jared Hughes is the most underrated reliever in baseball.
Jordy and Neil!
Sauerkraut Saul
Gerrit Cole will compete for the Cy Young, like I've been saying.
J-HAY!  WHERE ARE THE HATERS?  #BUCN
Our society is more malleable than ever before.
Happy home opener, yinzers.  #ColeWorld
Squints attempting to make out with Wendy Peffercorn is a top five scene in movie history.  I mean, not really, but kinda.
Meatwad get the honeys, G.
Trout is the best player in baseball.  He can do what he wants at this point.
I'm a really good video game player (Madden, Halo, Gears) but I suck so badly at Call of Duty.  Aggravating, man.
BOMB SQUAD!  #Cutch
We shouldn't be invigorated solely by achievement.  We should be invigorated by learning and growing.
It's funny how acing an exam has such a positive effect on my mood.  It's actually somewhat of a problem.
Adios, Senor Pelota.  #MiguelCabrera
I've achieved something in my young adulthood that most never do: the ability to think freely and inquire.
"Blind belief in authority is the greatest enemy of truth." - Albert Einstein
The Meadows @T_Drusbasky17 @Warchtorch @GBellis18
"@GBellis18 Let's go Pens!  #WereIn" nice man
Why do people run from cops?  Because (justified or unjustified) they are scared.  Even people who have done nothing wrong are scared.
I just got my last haircut from the woman who's been cutting my hair for 16 years.  Thank you, Nadine.
Nothing like some post-gym Nas on a beautiful Saturday afternoon.  Illmatic.
The best commissioner in sports right now is Adam Silver in the NBA.  He just gets it.
Roger Goodell's time at W&amp;J was probably spent around a lot of us obnoxious Steelers fans and he developed an unfair hatred of Pittsburgh.
Le'Veon's suspension reminds me of when Ben got suspended 6 games for a crime he "allegedly" committed.  Goodell is trash.
Political polarization and incessant partisanship do not allow for people to open their minds and think for themselves.
Cutting for the first time in four years.  It's weird.
Trying to regain my Gears of War skill is tedious and aggravating.  It's also the most unimportant thing ever.  Ehh, whatever.
My Aunt Dar: "If you ever have a question about spanish, just fax me it."  Uhhhhh.......
So I've been doing some research regarding Sea World.  That's a messed up place, man.
Troy is a First Ballot HoFer.  Get over it.
R.I.P Lauren Hill.  What an inspiration.  I hope that I can eventually gain half of the courage she displayed.  #d3week
The hypocrisy of our world is so disturbing that it eventually becomes comical.
Ringgold ranked 98th out of 100 public high schools in the Pittsburgh Metro Area.  Wow.
Polanco is a good player.  Mistakes happen.  159 games left.
E9?!!
Todd Frazier is the bane of my fandom.
Education (when it includes critical thinking and freedom of inquiry) is the heart of America.
#BlackLivesMatter #WhiteLivesMatter #AllLivesMatter
I'm not surprised about Le'Veon's suspension.  Goodell hates the Steelers.
Well, now I'm going to bed upset.  Votto......
Nice throw by Cervelli.
Todd Frazier hit the longest home run I've ever seen in person.  450 feet off of the back wall of PNC.  Dude is a stud.
Archimedes, man.  Let's go backdoor on Frazier and give him nothing to hit.
Hate Votto.  Good player.
"@wjcrush: The way Steve Chappers drinks water at the gym gets me wet" Chappars* but whatever floats your boat mayne
It wouldn't surprise me in the least if Neil Walker is used as bait to acquire a pitcher close to the deadline, but Kang needs to ball out.
And just in case you weren't aware, that was Neal Huntington letting Neil Walker out of Pittsburgh.
J-Hay just got paid.  I love him.  Let's hope he can continue to produce.
I am wholeheartedly against the death penalty.  Tsarnaev did a terrible thing and deserves life in prison but let him live.
I just had a class cancelled for the day.  Combined with having no work to do last night, I'm pretty sure that I'm in a dream.
Things in life are cyclical and seem to come full circle.
Yeah, I'm gonna go bet my future house on UConn Women's Hoops for the next decade.
Soft.  Mentally and emotionally soft.
We are the softest team in the NHL.
Raven Down on the original Gears of War has to be my favorite multiplayer map ever.
A night with no work?  Am I hallucinating?
Outside The Lines is the last bit of journalistic integrity left in ESPN's realm.
I really only have one thought about the Rand Paul announcement: Happiness for @njkanuch.
The Presidential election is going to be interesting these next 19 months.
We're all kings.
American institutionalized intolerance.
You know what creeps me out late at night?  MH370.
Mad respect for Duke and Coach K.
I'm rooting for Duke but I wanna see Pitt get some of these calls, man.
Tyus Jones has that IT factor.  Ferocious.
Tony Watson is grossly overrated.  His second half last year should raise some serious concerns.
CUTCH!!!
So I can't schedule tonight.  Sweet.
Every single semester, something goes wrong with scheduling.  I'm a Rising Senior and it says otherwise.  #BeAPresident
J-Hay hittin' two baggers bruh
Very quick movement by Cervelli there.
THERE WE GO!  Keep your hands back, Polanco.  Good stuff.
If you like the Brewers, studies show that you are an awful human being.  Kidding.......but seriously.
Greg Brown has the best voice in baseball.
Local jokers
Tanaka can't leave pitches over the plate, especially with the lack of velocity.  Looks completely different from the first two innings.
Tanaka has so much movement that he can deal with the dip in velocity.
#BUCN
