I want to thank Twitter for giving me the inspiration for my hot take essay on Josh Hamilton in my Sports and Drugs class.
Is it Friday at 5:30 already?!
RIP Brandon Spikes' NFL career.
Relax, Brandon Spikes.
Aaron Hernandez killed (at least) 3 people and I'm annoyed at an EP
Whoever is the EP for this hour of Sportscenter should probably be fired immediately.
Shoutout to ESPN for missing the fucking verdict on the story they've been covering for 2 years
Nolan would write a book on a scroll because he doesn't believe in page numbers. Too analytical. #NolanSelfHelp
If Nolan's so highly respected by the Toronto media maybe the Leafs should hire him.
Sabres Twitter is hilarious tonight. Just wait til we hire Babcock and people are still talking about Ted Nolan.
Ted Nolan supporters have figured out how to use computers? Good for them I guess.
LRT: Obviously fake but looooooool
It's all good, Jack. It'll all be ok when you win the STANLEY FUCKING CUP WITHIN LIKE 6 YEARS. #SABRES
Matt O'Connor is bad.
Have fun getting swept next week, Pens. #BUFFALO #mceichel
Next up we have @gilgillman singing Damn It Feels Good To Be A Gangsta. #willpennaoke
Pens beating us means the Bruins miss sooooo I'm pretty fine with this.
Good for you, Pens. See ya when ya get swept in like a week.
Gimme a let's go Buffalo chant here
Watching Pens fans tonight is like watching myself all season. So much tension.
Shoutout to @gilgillman for playing Dog Days Are Over #McEichel
There's the fist pump for the first time in like 5 years
Mama I made it. Have never ever interacted with this guy. http://t.co/A4YkQd651B
Buffalo. http://t.co/AlUUr91Nhg
I hope we win tomorrow and then Edmonton picks McDavid with Pittsburgh's pick.
Oh good anarchists are out breaking windows of stores in Shadyside.
http://t.co/YIXW47x1jA
9:25. Do it, Bob.
Good luck, everyone.
Fuck Gionta
LINDBACK LOOKIN LIKE LINDBACK
PLEASE SIR CAN I HAVE SOME MORE
Welcome to TANKCON 1, Sabres fans.
HOW BADLY DOES TIM MURRAY WANT TO SIGN MATT O'CONNOR NOW?!?!?!
Elite-level tanking, Broons.
Please god let the Yotes win.
Too bad Eichel doesn't try :(
$en$
#LaettnerforUBCoach
Sooooooo anyone have a Gamecenter login I can use?
Hashtag tornado warning
I was completely confident until I listened to @Schopptalk yesterday. Now I'm sitting in class and all I can think about is them blowing it
I'm gunna need Arizona to do the damn thing tonight. I can't deal with (some of) the Buffalo media for another day.
Here's hoping Peter Horachek gets fined for player selection.
So Adrian Gonzalez is pretty good I guess.
#OvieForSelke
*Sabres retweet tweet about McDavid being on Hockey Hotline*

*TBN Sports Desk explodes due to the impending taeks*
According to his logic, there are 22 cities in the United States, and 6 of them are in Texas.
Dude just said Pittsburgh is not a city because he is from DC and there are more people in DC
That's right, Sabres. Get all the goals out in practice today.
Balls
MY GOD
Damn it
AWOOOOOOOOOO
Absolute madness.
Good lord.
Dagger
Wow
There was a commercial with dogs barking on the TV and now Callie is going crazy running around the apartment trying to find the other dog.
Happy Dyngus Day, everyone. All you yinzers who have no clue what I mean are missing out. #pussywillows
The Rock is a national treasure.
Hahahah
Dumb play by Kunitz but hey Claude Giroux is off the ice for the power play so makes sense.
2 points lost. Get this done and I can root for us against the Pens so that they can miss the playoffs
I'm fucking jovial. #sabres
I will gladly trade a Kentucky loss for a Coyotes win.v
My girlfriend's dad is reading Baby Got Back like it's slam poetry. Solid weekend.
Did the jerkoff motion when Yotes broadcasters said Sabres fans cheering for the Hawks was ugly.
My heart hasn't been pounding this fast since 05-06
I feel like we just won a playoff series
Hey good thing we all know they would try this hard if it was a fucking playoff race.
http://t.co/5sctFIM9hz
Sup @BernieLomaxCEO http://t.co/7rXgeWsaTK
How's your Friday going? http://t.co/hLqGsRuLtz
Sup @s_masood's closet at home? http://t.co/PFyj6adwxu
The fact that producers at the Pittsburgh sports radio station don't know that they traded their first round pick is pretty laughable.
What's Avon Barksdale doing on the Miami bench?
Welp my dog has lost about half her body weight in the last 4 months so I'm sobbing uncontrollably in my bathroom.
BUFFALO! I'M INSIDE OF YOU! (for like an hour)
Because LeBron plays basketball, and there are no skates.
LeBron wouldn't have played the day after taking a skate to the eye.
The most embarrassing part of this whole thing is Nolan talking about how "blue collar" he is when he's making (at least) six figures.
Oooooh I got retweeted by @DGWUSports #blessed
He ruined the team's best player in the late 90's during their best chance to win a cup and now he's doing the same damn thing.
The anti-tankers champion is a spiteful, two-faced, wife chasing asshole who has turned the players against the fans.
Fire Ted. Good night everyone. Gunna avoid this tire fire tonight.
Mike Weber!
You've got to be fucking kidding me
LEAFSSSS
Good luck tonight, everyone. Don't kill anyone. Might be off the grid after the game.
All good Risto, take the weekend to get back to 100%
Fixed RT @RichHomieWise SAW AARON DONALD ON MEYRAN AND HE SAID P CAFE WILL BE OPEN NEXT YEAR PLEASE RT
Tim Murray is quickly rising to the top of the list of people who I want to split a bottle of scotch with.
Grigorenko picked a hell of a fucking game to look like an NHL player. Nothing can ever be easy with these asshats.
Fuck off Meszaros
Huh it's almost like clawing in as an 8 seed and praying your goalie gets hot isn't sustainable.
Sydney Leroux in WNY oh lawwwd
Shoutout to the 50 year old dude wearing an Ed Hardy shirt at the bar.
