Lots of people I know on this train right now. Avoid eye contact
84% on my second psychology exam, this time with minimum effort. Just one more to secure my C.
#Livinoffpepperoni
Shelbi thinks it's nasty that i dip my bacon in bacon grease. Idk man.
I thought it was the onion for a second. Wow haha.  https://t.co/9uUxy3YmoD
5 people in class today. End of the semester must be getting close. #college
THAT'S NEXT WEEKEND MOM. NOT NOW. IM NOT STRONG.
MY MOM BROUGHT A PIZZA. WHYY TORTURE ME.
Greeley still sucks.
I think I've hit a point of lucid dreaming where any thought that comes into my head will be turned into a full length film.
Can't even do #NationalSiblingsDay because we all hate each other.
The cutting phase has me all over the place. Hungry for 20 minutes then satisfied.
YES ITS RAINING. FINALLY.
Super troll test kept going bb, cc, dd, what kind of monster messes with you like that?
You gotta love a challenge. Midterms today and i slept only 4 hours.
Good job Duke. I don't care for basketball but i didn't like Wisconsin ruining a chance for perfection.
I always lose my head a little when it comes time for midterms.
I know I have to study for those tests Tuesday. I just dont want to.
My house: sister with two dudes wrapped around her finger, mom trying to date, angry at everything younger sister. Gotta love women.
Moon is all ying and yang right now.
#promposals at the airport haha.
It's coming down as snow but it looks like rain overall so I'm happy.
Let's go weekend! #Intersteller should be at my doorstep when I arrive. Nothing but movies and test review.
Amazon is genius for its dash service. i already buy most everything from them. good job. #DashButton
Even reading about women and their clitoris is boring when it's an assigned reading. #college
Isn't it great when the weather turns nasty? That's not me being sarcastic. I'm really hoping for heavy rain. #hail
Go ifunny. Features all day long. what else do you want.
I'm afraid of people touching my cheeks. Don't go there.
IFunny is going insane today and it makes me super happy.
I saw some dude walking out of the gym supported by his girl. must have been leg day. #gohard
This school needs to realize a classroom should never be this hot even during the winter.
Toad trying to swipe my eggs now. this bastard is getting greedy.
Just 1 hour of cramming for that test. I might pass this class.
SWEET JESUS I GOT AN 88 ON MY PHYSICS TEST EVEN THOUGH MY TEACHER IS INCOMPETENT.
Should have checked how long The Godfather was because it was still going 3 hours later haha.
Just my cat and i at home tonight. #springbreak
Maybe it's because I can't taste, but i like my green tea plain.
I'm tired of being the middle man between work and a fucking jack ass.
EVERYBODY WENT TO ARCHES LAST WEEKEND EXCEPT ME. I WENT TO WHO THE FUCK KNOWS WHAT ITS CALLED AND DIDNT GET TO HIKE.
Ray Liotta has been in the last two movies I've seen and he's been a mob boss in both. #typecast?
I woke up at 6:30 for the first time since high school. How did I do it for four years?
I have 6 dogs at home, but don't claim any of them as mine so no #NationalPuppyDay for me.
Almost to salt lake. #InNOutBurger will be ours soon.
Wyoming you troll.
I've never felt so understood. http://t.co/ptiOYRaphn
