Road trip to ocean city with friends would be amazing!
Found the old beach house on 78th street, god I miss ocean city Maryland!!! http://t.co/gJPL1oD7D7
I love being ahead on my close reading!
How hard is the physics final
Trying to avoid this physics final as much as I can
Ochoa would have saved that
Okay Miguel Herrera time to put in someone else
Sponsor our 2015 Higley HS Football Challenge http://t.co/871MdvyTUW
If Mr Oneal askes me "why I failed my physics final" I'll tell him I was watching Mexico vs USA.
Mexico hands down is winning tonight
Drawing all over your enemies year book photo.
There's a school on every corner in Gilbert
Go home, make some mac and cheese, then nap.
If I had a car I'd be blasting the temptations, while I pull into the student parking lot.
Ricky Wayne moving up fast
This is probably the slowest week ever
message me the ones u pick! http://t.co/50ovJsvLOD
Many perks of having momma Hait work at a gas station!
I wish when I have long hair it actually looks good!
It's too early to be worrying about finals.
It'd be nice to have a car so I can go on dates
Haircut
Woke up thinking it was Sunday
I have a love/hate relationship with living in sossamen
Remember when everyone was hyped for assassins!😂😂😂
You confuse me
Fact @Dman59773836 arms are bigger than his thighs.😂😂😂
Will funbrain ever finish the second half of its game???
Says the "second they turn 18 they are getting their own apartment" but still has no job.
Today would be perfect to go boating
Can't wait till sum 41 goes on tour again. So I can meet people that like the same music as me.
Tonight's gone by slow I love it
A deep convo rn
These past 24 hours have been rough
Higley's circle K 💩's on Williams field's ck.
Drake and Josh makes me wish I had a brother
Not wasting my time again
If I was a bus driver I'd run over everything
Can it rain already?!!!!
Kids in high school be pulling a anakin skywalker.
Friday night lights is on!! Go boobie
Ricky Wayne favoriting my tweet
Runescape
Nasty freestyle- T Wayne
I text back too fast
Gotta stop taking naps after school
So bored!
I love helping people
Alright then
First time I can get new music from sum 41 since 2012
Sum 41 making a comeback!!
Don't argue with me about sports because 99% of the time you'll lose.
Nothing to do
My New Yorker hats go great with the prom theme
My mom's stupid bird finally got out
.@macys I vote for #SconnieSpirit to win it all! Who do you pick? #MarchMadness http://t.co/cmYWxgBFoL
Barcelona vs Real Madrid in basketball right now😂😂
Little known fact I was baptized at age 10 at gateway elementary.
Bored
Canes should add mac and cheese to their sides!!!
Either way Kentucky should have lost to ND
I wanted Wisconsin to win but not like this.
A football life Sean Taylor is on!
It'd be nice if I were in North Carolina right now
Football and basketball today cortina
It's only Saturday this is great!
It seriously sucks that most of the bands I like have broken up.
Happy Birthday!!!!!! @chandy_bar
I just love having to drive to phoenix and fix a cooler at 5 am.
Relaxed
Having Friday's off is so much better than having Monday's off!!!!
You already know higley handing out those fresh beats for AZmerit!
Lake this weekend
Thank god for the three day weekend
If you like the big bang theory then I like you
