Bball in the rain is fun
I still get pissed about that
Who is going to mulch today? What time should we go?
What time do we gotta be there man?
Get to work at Casey's on such a nice day
Interesting  https://t.co/9dA6m459qO
I'm guessing since Kaylee signed out
Is there an anatomy test or something today?
I wonder what you're doing
Can't wait to cheer for pops
I can barely run a mile before I just die
Phones at 4%. An android phone charger would be great
Dumbass
Big Bang Theory is life
Icy hot is getting really hot
That is, Kaylee's dog Woodson. Not Louden
Huge scratch down my back thanks to Woodson
Not sure why you're being recruited 😂
I bout got paralyzed last period in gym
Love having the odds stacked against me
He's determined
If Thunder make the playoffs, (which I doubt Anthony Davis will allow to happen) I can guarantee you Russell carries them deep
You aren't a real school sleeper unless you get marks and indents on your face from it
Parn barty tonight?
*acts mean to Sam even though he secretly likes her*
Tweet like bert
I like sunny d
I make more money than every teacher at this school dawg #ball
Out here sellin that green tho erryday bruh
I don't know why the administration and student council is out to get me man. They keep accusing me of sellin drugs
#tweetlikeschumanday
We all know bert secretly wants Sam and would be down for that massage
Group message reduce my phone from crap but working to not working at all
Wiggins looks like the big athletic kid playing against his small unathletic buddies on the mini hoop
Aaaaaand Hoog sums up the night. 
Thanks Hoog 😚 
Night twitter
If you're even half smart then you know if something you're doing is dumb, or if what you do everyday is dumb. That would honestly blow ha
Just kidding I don't really believe in meninism 😂 we have it made
#Meninism
So.. lemme get this straight. If I'm bffs with a girl it's ok to dance with her? Na. If this was a guy did it then it would be an issue
Some people gotta liven up twitta
I like Kaylee cuz she stays sneak dissin on people just like me hahaha
Ps if your name is Jacob nobody likes you
And then you'll both be like our buddy seiwert
Watch out girls. Someone might tell on you
I have a Bob Evans addiction if you didnt know
I wonder if Seiwert can wear his bandana in ISS
Aww Kyle had to go to the nurse because he got a tummy ache
Got that 6:15 alarm set yay
Phone is about to be airplane mode here in a minute
Wow
Is that glass thing they gave us a flower vase or a shot glass?
Wonder what/who Kyle's tweet was about
Need to cop an Antetokounmpo jersey asap. He's for real
"@CauseWereGuys: This was raw Giannis  http://t.co/pd4WutlcCQ" 1 dribble from halfcourt #futureHOF
Damn that Isiaha Thomas pass 😫
Wanted is a damn good movie
That awkward moment when your stomach rumbles and @JoooHoe thought it was hers... and she still thinks it was... but it was mine
Happy bday! @rieleylynn
Where's ball is life crew?
Our first participant has arrived. The Tommy Schroer
K thanks I know I'm white
"Get your shirt off you need to get some sun Nol"- mom
Bring your squad to my house unless you're scared to get beat again @sidfox2 @dillon_watkins7 @Zach_Theobald32 @csutherland56 @cole_knigga
My hip can barely move thanks to @jake_smith_44
Hmu and come play driveway bball at my house
I hate waking up early but I enjoy morning football just because, it's football baby!
Bnewt makes me geek
Wtf is macula
The person who always complains about people "snitching" on them snitched on seiwert #freeseiwert
Protect ya neck
Cya tux. Back to goodies ya go
Pro Era boys pop rubber bands
Good night last night
"@therese_gregg: Wow my hair looks lovely this morning😳" @JoooHoe
My dad went to bed before 11 tonight. I knew he was having a long day 🍻🍻🍻
😍
Kaylee is a hot mess rn
Shipley's a badass
When you finally see dat ass http://t.co/emAwq6hP2F
Sgoin on forreal?!
Tswift is my girl
Na haha
Seiwert every weekend- "Just have people at your house man"
I'm prolly gonna eat a salad for prom dinner #dedicated
It seems your life revolves around pot
My parents yell at me because they say our white truck isn't nice enough to drive to prom and I say it is? They're so dumb
Just got real gay there..
I'm just sittin out here watchin airplanes.. just kidding south park
Dakota is literally the softest person I know. In the past month he has done 3 or 4 of the gayest, softest, most pussy things a guy could do
I need to play ball for a few hours
Eating chex mix chillin. Need some people to chill with
Keep ignoring me
Everything that could go wrong today has
Need to cut down the number of people I talk to
People must snitch about a lot of stuff that goes on...
At least come up with a better reason than this
Actually I felt like I did alright
Came into today knowing nothing about the 2 tests I was about to take, and probably failed them both
I'm sorry mrs Jackson
I'm gonna be so tired tomorrow
DomiNations just glitches me mid battle and took all my troops. And cost me like 20000 gold/food
Although I'd rather him retire now than play and be a backup and then get hurt
Nooooooooo. The goat has retired
My texts all take 10 minutes to send. But they don't fail so I don't even know they aren't sending
What did they say in that tweet people were talking about and it got deleted. Somebady tell me I must knowwww
"@CauseWereGuys: Barber: what do you want? 

*gimme that duke starting 5* http://t.co/7AaMVuKHdy" @gibbytha3rd
