Just got Riverfest tickets
This place is awesome
Snowboarding for Spring Break.
She was leaning on a rail in a cotton dress.
Summer tanned pretty, little perfect mess.
I always leave my keys in La Carreta
La Carreta completes the soul.
I guess I just believe in you. That's proof for you. A lot of things another man won't do for ya, I'll do it for ya baby.
Shawty snaps
When I win the lottery, I will pay La Carreta for their queso recipe.
A cinnamon roll would be awesome!
Ralph Lauren opened a bar in New York. "The Polo Bar". Plane ticket is booked.
Trivia Crack can make or break a relationship.
She got the body of a goddess.
Fortune Cookie was awesome!
I had a BBQ stain on my white t shirt. She was killing me in that mini skirt.
You are the type of woman who deserves good things; A fist of diamonds, a handful of rings.
DnF #newjam
A La Carreta night
Late night work run
He's like a Mexican wolverine.
21/22 Jump Street double feature.
We party together man. You bought us Taco Bell.
What am I going to do with these two bottles of moonshine?
I completely understand why they give you early classes and load you down with so much in college.
I need friends that will shoot Nerf guns with me.
Kraft Mac n Cheese would be awesome
Do you like a little kick in your coke?
Late night workouts
I wanna rock it all night. Baby girl, will you rock it out with me?
We’re just hangin’ around, burnin’ it down, sippin’ on some cold Jack Daniel’s, jammin’ to some old Alabama with you baby laying right here.
#javacity
Promiscuous girl wherever you are...
Payday is tomorrow!
#bonfirepickupline you know smoke follows beauty baby.
Girl, I'll be at your door in ten minutes. Whatever you're wearing stay in it.
This boiled shrimp 👍
The greenest cash doesn't compare to friends that last.
Ray's though
You are a rock that, throw back, George Straight T to tight.
Your like a priceless piece of art baby, I can't wait to get my hands on you.
It is a small world. After all, we made it that way.
Pluto is a planet again!
Wake up. Kick ass. Be kind. Repeat. #tshirtinspiration
I'm probably gonna compliment your hair due right before we mess that shit all up.
I don't wanna brag #ludacrisverse
If she was a drink, she'd be a single barrel bourbon on ice.
#datenight
Three day weekends 👍
Damn pretty girl you went and done it again. Gonna turn the sexy all the way up to ten.
We ain't picture perfect, but we worth the picture still.
Just found my old iPhone 3. Oh the difference.
She's not a song, she's the whole mix tape.
Sometimes you just have to turn the radio up so the girl can sing right.
Why do you eyes remind me of a Cold Play song?
Is it weird that your ass reminds me of a Kanye West song?
Water ballon fights.
Running on two hours of sleep.
Girl, no need to fix what God has already put his paint brush on.
Got a new phone. Lost a few numbers.
Hampton Bulldogs. Strong Bulldogs. Someone call Michael Vic. #dogfight
You know the struggle is real when you are waiting in line for the new iPhone and studying for an 8 o'clock test.
Taco Bell, it's what's for lunch.
Very blessed to have this job. #thankGod
Payday. Time to do some spoiling. 😏
CABUN clinic is such a ripoff
And I'm all like this pizza that you guys are missing out on because of Mrs. America is so good! #cheesestickstoo
That special release from Apple tomorrow at 10 AM.
You know it's a good day when Bennie and the Jets is on the radio.
You've got sunshine, I got rain clouds. You have your hopes, and I have my doubts. Oh, what would I do without you?
#pinehill
#backroads
That #UK interception.
Play Swing Copters from the guy that created Flappy Birds!
Got to thank God for this opportunity.
Girls be like Taylor Swift ain't got no booty. But when she walk in the room, your man gonna stare.
If two people, on direct opposite sides is the earth, drop a piece of bread, then the earth momentarily becomes a sandwich. #ShowerThoughts
"When you drink alcohol you are just borrowing happiness from tomorrow."
We sang along to the stereo. Couldn't take no more of that rock n roll. So we put on a little George Jones and just sang along.
I like Charlie Sheen's ice bucket challenge the best.  http://t.co/PodNNULAAY
How you doin' young lady? That feelin' that you givin' me really drives me crazy.
Netflix. It's good for the soul.
I'm really hating these workshops.
Reason number 556 why Monticello sonic sucks: they don't listen.
Moving always tires me out
To bored
Chick-fil-a never gets old
When ppl in Walmart ask you why are you here. Because I feel like standing in front of the freezer section ya moron. I need damn groceries.
These cops are something else. They just think they got skills.
This ain't for the radio, but the still play it though.
There goes those three discussions.
What teacher makes assignments due at 11 instead of 12?
Retweet for bacon favorite for sausage.
Walmart has the "Save for School" sign above the 30 packs. #collegeprep
Guys think they gonna have it easy on Valentine's Day b/c of the #50Shades  movie. Wait until she says I want to do it Christian Grey style.
Chick-fil-a!!!
"Stay hungry...stay foolish"
"Those people who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world...are the ones that actually do!"
This teacher in this class that I am taking needs to get laid.
Late night Waffle House cravings.
Arkansas is so behind in education
Uncle Barry's Tavern
There's a difference in being tan and looking like a burnt batch of Doritos
Just ate like 14 chocolate chip cookies.
That fireball whiskey whispers
Just because it kills your liver, doesn't mean it ain't medicine.
Monument Men, not a bad movie.
Some of these Dean's are absolute morons.
Gym time
Interview Over.
Monticello
Are you google? Because you're everything I'm searching for.
ElDorado McDonald's better still have breakfast.
Gotta get some khakis.
I want Taco Bell!
I hate when people post questions on Facebook from their iPhones. Especially when those questions can be answered with a google search.
Time really flies when you take two naps a day
I guess that I will go fishing.
When Don't Stop Believin' comes on the radio, you can't help but sing along.
#TeenWolfSeason4  though
Need food!
Alcohol doesn't fix problems. Yea, well neither does milk.
Did you just fall out of a B-52 because your the bomb. #haha
Twitter. The place where I lose faith in humanity and human language.
You had me like dayum baby dayum.
This jeep though.
A little sunshine and whiskey.
Just because you have an open mind does not make you an intellectual.
It's not about what you walk away from, it's about what you walk away with.
Reading the wrong book for class
There is not a nap in this day...
Girl, I miss you like a deadline.
Had to get that new Facebook account.
Enjoy the movie bro @t__hod
Saturday is Praxis Test and snocones!
Truck wash time.
We can blame it on the whiskey.
Can't sleep
Could use a backroad
Monticello, you seriously need a coffee place. This gas station coffee isn't cutting it.
You can tell 'em that...
Go to college they said. You'll have a great job they said.
See all these nonAmerican bottles that I find myself sippin' out mixed with all these things Im gona have to relearn one day to live without
If this AR&amp;T job works out.
Once I throw on that bow chicks wow wow, what you gonna say?
The only good things about Camden: Sonic and Taco Bell.
Why a sudden craving for tequila shots?
To the gym!
Taco Bell run
I did get Taco Bell though
This crawfish &gt;&gt;&gt;
These stories G-40 are telling!
That food tonight. #toofull
To ready for Tulsa
Baby, your summer time fine
Let a shitty day begin! 👍
Ain't you a little young for that @__watchmeWORkem
I hope this graduation doesn't take forever.
I think that I just got hooked on Grey's Anatomy.
Mexican restaurants sure know how to mix a drink!
This having no seniors is kinda nice.
It's bad when you try to unlock your house door with the clicker for your truck.
People. So unsociable.
Tomorrow night it's frog legs and fried fish.
I wish then I knew what I know now, when I was younger.
Miami Sunrise slush and rum. #yum
Crawfish Saturday though!
Since your 18, I guess it's time to go to the club @t__hod
What a terrible thing, and how useless anger is.
If a selfie a photo of you, then what is a photo with your friends? A selvesie?
Listen more. Talk less.
