I'm going to be such an over protective, up-their-butts-and-around-the-corner parent to make sure my kids don't do drug or eat mayonnaise.
Should I apply for this job to be an unarmed security guard at a senior living center or what?
You have the worst life  https://t.co/2ZgqLkfZTC
Cute boy came in to get an application. No need to fill that out, you're hired.
No you did not https://t.co/gAaP57Ya07
Having a job during little 5 week is annoying AF
I fuqing hate trivia. I don't know any of these stupid questions. I want to watch Netflix instead.
Contributing nothing to trivia for my team. I actually know zero answers.
"I had to work at 6 this morning. Guess what time I rolled in that bitch? 10." @danismith713
I still do not have a job or a place to live for after I graduate. Mainly because I have not looked for a job or a place to live.
I used to understand when people would mistake me for my sister, but now she has blonde ass hair so this should no longer be happening.
I just wanna be in a coma for a few months; catch up on my sleep and whatnot.
Open the gate. Who do you hate? That's your date.
This double cheeseburger I just got is not nearly big enough. I need more now.
Katie locked herself in the kok bathroom last night and I had to crawl under the stall like a peasant to unlock the door.
Casually left class 4 times to throw up
That art museum tour was the worst thing I've ever had to do
Last night I pushed a chair in front of my door &amp; slept in it to make sure my friend didn't drive home drunk. I wasn't playin.
I'm a good drink bowler. Passing tf out of my skills test.
Still ao drunk in bowling, I'm not wearing a bra and told the girl I needed a size 10 shoe. Cannot.
"Aren't you guys blacked out or something?" @babysamuelll
Cannot with the homie groupme right now 😑
I'm wearing a kok shirt at work.
Customer: oh, what team is that?
Me: the bar
😑 this is my favorite emoji. It means everyone is dumb except for me.
I swear I gained 50 pounds last week. H8 myself
Volunteered to pick up the course evaluations. That better count as my participation for the semester.
Prof just said "dick pic."
He should 100% say that zero times.
Prof in regards to my paper: I could tell you had no idea what you were doing and just made stuff up. 

Lolz that's exactly right.
Reading this girl's paper for a peer review and realizing that I wrote mine completely wrong
I feel like forcing me to participate in class is against my 5th amendment right to remain silent
Jk, I'm magically good at bowling today
About to fail tf out of this bowling skills test
I love working all of the hours because I get all of the dollars, but then I have none of the fun, so I bitch&amp;complain all of the time.
I have all of the hours at work this week and also all of the little 5 week homework to do. I will complain a record amount of times.
Truth http://t.co/nyrp3YSm2X
Next week is little 5 week. Omg much excite
One of my professors invited me to his bonfire Lolz
Wtf is a woe?
Work was an actual nightmare
My boss said he would pay for my cab anytime my drunkass needed one. Like okay, give me your credit card so I can put it on my uber acct.
The look my boss gave me when he saw I wasn't wearing makeup. Lolz  going to get fired for being fugly.
Other customer: you doing okay? You look a little tired. 
Ugly. I look ugly. Just say it.
Customer: what do you recommend?
I recommend you hurry tf up and order and get out of my face. Too hungover for this nonsense.
You would think I would be able to get myself together by 11am, but no. Going to work in the clothes I dartied in yesterday
Got in anywayz because they know me here.
Can't get into the bar because my underage sister has my ID 😑 telling momz
I should've majored in something math related though. I'm not good at anything else.
Brett, Erica and I just had a conversation about math and got so hype. WE LOVE MATH.
"It really bothers me that grasshoppers have wings." @Ponch_DeLeon
I've eaten bacon everyday this week. I guess you can say I've been productive.
What does one put in the skills section of their resume when they have no skills?
Dartying the fuq out of tomorrow
Little Asian boy: what's in your nose? Why is it there? 
(Referring to my nose ring)
Get out of my business little boy.
Somehow, by the grace of God, I am not hungover
Ever been to dk on a Thursday at the time that you should be at sports? Yeah, peasants, peasants everywhere.
Forgot I have all of the homework to do before I can go out 😑
That's only 4 $2 Tuesday's and $3 Thursday's. Keep that in mind when you consider staying in.
Graduation is in one month. I will have all of the fun before then.
Do not feel like finding a grown up job. Getting a marg tower instead.
Forgot I wanted to skip this class and accidentally came
Everyone should be my friend. I'm a nice lady.
Literally just walked out in front of a car to avoid this girl on the sidewalk passing stuff out
Passed my professor as I'm walking home to skip his class
This idiotic boy just told me I could not go into the boiz bathroom. I'm sorry, the girlz room is long as shit and also,
Fuq you.
Nothing gets me more hype than when asparagus, avocados and/or pineapple are on sale.
I'm already annoyed with my future husband for forgetting our anniversary. He does not deserve me.
Boy with a tear drop tat just came into work to get an application. LOLZ 100% FUQ NO.
Casually just got ordained. Who wants me to marry them?
To everyone http://t.co/mikp8J26PZ
"Sorry I'm late, I did not want to come."-me at work right now I'm last night's clothes and no makeup on
Derek is blacked out before 9pm on a Monday. Telling his mom.
Dammit Derek
"I need a moist towelette." @fadedWreck
I've been wondering why my backpack has been so heavy today. I've been walking around with my ankle weights in it...
I should Probz go out every night for the rest of my college career. It's the right thing to do.
Professor literally just said we could give our presentations drunk since they're during little 5 week.
Just submitted the actual worst paper ever. I don't even know what it was about and I wrote it.
Even though it's an idiotic Monday, it's a good day because Kentucky isn't getting a banner tonight.
My real life score was a 58 😑 http://t.co/GUpMDNxxrA
The amount of fuqs that I do not give is at a record high today
Obviously didn't get up to write my paper. I have class in 15 minutes and I'm still in bed.
Go away @c_domek http://t.co/80GaFUAeFS
Setting an alarm to wake up and finish this paper. I 100% will not get up to finish this paper.
Staring at this half done, poor excuse of a research paper debating on whether or not I really need to graduate from college...
Whatcho name iz?
I've been working on this paper since 7 and just now wrote my first sentence...of ten pages. Lolz I'm not graduating.
And now for this week's forecast: The weather this week is going to be stupid and dumb. Don't straighten your hair. http://t.co/3X4CjJAcqc
Maybe if I didn't have class and work I would actually be able to enjoy my last month of college 😑
Maybe if I trick myself into thinking there's a tailgate tomorrow I'll get tf up when my alarm goes off.
Someone is outside playing Silent Night on the trumpet. Wrong holiday.
Crying because Nathan finally made it to the NBA. Also crying because I don't know how to write this paper.
I have a 10-15 page (so 10) due tomorrow and here I am, watching One Tree Hill
Literally cried on the street corner from about 6 til 9:01pm. That's a long time and a lot of tears.
The actual worst part of yesterday was when BK put MF mayo on my sandwich when I clearly said no MF mayo.
There are actual no seats left at church. That's how late we are.
Still drunk at church. Going to hell.
Now I'm late AF to church and look like a piece of crap. Sorry Jesus.
The only reason I stopped crying is because a stranger told me Kentucky lost #thelittlethings
Had the actual worst night. Got lost in Indy, cried on the corner, and missed Rihanna. No one talk to me.
Who is in Indy? Play with Kelly and me.
Eating pepperjack grilled cheese with jalapeños is my new favorite hobby
Trying to watch Netflix at work but can't because there are too many people on the account THAT I PAY FOR. GTFO.
New people at work are cool because you can make them do everything you don't want to do
New girl at work's name is Haley Scott. She is One Tree Hill as fuq.
I throw up at work so much. I should Probz keep a toothbrush here.
I've been at work for 19 minutes and I'm already about to kms
Chalupa Felicia Batman is the most annoying dog.
Kelly broke her tiara last night and gave pieces of it to people at the bar like she is in Mean Girls. Knock it tf off, Kelly.
Colin wants me to come into work 1 1/2 hours early for him. Do I look like fuqing Allison to you? 😑
Maybe I'll start selling my drug free urine to all of my stoner friends trying to get grown up jobs...
Also, how did this boy with a neck tattoo of a money sign get my number? That's a 100% fuq no.
I have a cracked rib or something. YOLOed too hard last night I guess.
Wish momz still loved me and still made me an Easter basket with Reese eggs in it.
