Welcome... to Night Vale. (at @MesaArtsCenter for Welcome to Night Vale and Mary Epworth in Mesa, AZ) https://t.co/E7ghdjzUye
This is allegedly a chair. http://t.co/A8b0P3b1c9
Downtown Mesa is a weeeeeeeeeird place, man.
I am not the only one here who's going to WTNV today.
Struck by the parallel between the opening of the new trailer and the original movie. Can't be accidental.
There we go.
And #STORMTROOPER didn’t work for me.
Huh. It's #C3P0?
#BB8 #Stormtrooper #C3PO
"Chewie... we're home." *millions of chillbumps* http://t.co/tKTJnEYmVo
"Chang was our teacher!" "Yeah, and frankly haven't been well utilized since!" #community
And then, uh.
Did they just casually toss in a HUGE world-building bit at the end of Arrow?
"So, it's a team-up! High-five!"
We dug coal together." I'ma miss you, Raylan Givens.
I hereby request #Justified: the Next Generation with Willa and Zachariah as 20-somethings.
Koechner!
Love that Drago's finisher is just a complicated roll-up.
I want a King Cuerno t-shirt so bad. @LuchaElRey
Okay, Patty Jenkins works, even if you're sorta picking up Marvel's scraps.
LRT If you haven't seen it, do so. Maslany is so good, people.
That was spectacular. Caviezel doesn’t get cred for acting.
"Ms. Groves just finished—questioning him." Nobody reads linn best like Michael Emerson.
Kyle fricking MacLachlan.
They're really doing some stellar work with Skye's powers.
The Flash is a great show who has no idea how to use Iris. None whatsoever.
Ray is the best. I just… want him to shrink.
That opening. I love you so much, show. #TheFlash
Last tweet a quote from Void Engineers. I want to play outer space Mage pretty bad.
"Our beef with these guys is an argument over administration of the mudball. Our problem with the other guys is they want to eat babies."
I guess what I'm saying is: please come out, movie.
I'm putting up with Kimmel just because of the Avengers cast.
"It's a dating strategy used by lonely chauvinists."
Obsolete. Metal  GIANT. Dildos.
The Veep premiere was magic.
http://t.co/pRrol2dk6v These are some neat GoT tees, and props if you enter the contest.
Just not sure why you write that plot, knowing you can't keep it hidden.
The Genisys spoiler in the new trailer seemed kind of unavoidable if they wanted to talk about the flick, and it's clever enough.
"From A producer of _____" always amuses me.
Somehow I can't shake the feeling that they're gonna fuck up Wonder Woman so hard.
Now both Marvel and DC have lost strong female directors in their movies. Thor 2 was eminently forgettable. They can't afford for WWE to be.
LRT: WHAT.
So you're gonna release a movie that looks like reheated Iron Man 4?
Still seems to be... I don't know, taking itself too seriously? Paul Rudd is your lead. You just made a shedload of cash with Guardians.
LRT DUDE. Yellowjacket looks rad.
LWT again avoiding the easy way on the big story.
Bolton! 💗
Dear advertising people: little bit early to yell about Cinco de Mayo.
In what world does a bank in 1970 unquestioningly cash a million dollar check?
Mimi Rogers' hair is awesome.
I'm realizing as I watch the end of Godfather II: I've never seen any of the Godfather movies.
And now for something completely different: Mad Men.
They spent the episode being all "here are all your faves unless you like Arya". And then next week they'll be all "EVERYBODY NEW +Arya!"
Well, that was dope.
Things that flummox me: Emilia Clarke is NINE YEARS older than Sophie Turner.
Super lots of butts in this week's premiere.
Just your reminder that Tyrion Lannister is super-great.
Geography lessons, the Game of Thrones way.
YAY THE THEME SONG
The True Detective promo is still a HELL YES. I just hope it's different.
YAY ARVIN SLOANE. #TheGoodWife
CARNITAS
OH SHIT ORPHAN BLACK IS ON ON DEMAND?
P.S., you guys can all be excited about Game of Thrones tonight, but the real excitement is Orphan muhfuh Black in 6 days.
So that was pretty rad. Now I'm watching the season finale of last year's Game of Thrones.
A considerable distance farther? Like, say, a Blue Area?
Seriously, D'Onofrio is transcendent. Best performance in a superhero thing since Ledger.
That thing where you buy hot dogs but not condiments.
Gah the end of episode 11!
Holy shit, deep dive in Ep. 10. The designer.
!!! At the name drop in the episode 10 flashbacks.
"What's her name - the Greek girl?"
Foggy is also great.
"No more origin stories!" Marvel says, just months before releasing a 13-episode double origin story.
So y'know how I ranked Loki #1 and Kingpin #2? Somehow I think the positions will reverse by the end of this series.
Whoever called AD: The Bible Continues "House of Cards meets Game of Thrones" should not be allowed to review things.
"You look mar-ginally bigger than the last time I saw you." In retrospect, Jacob the Bar Mitzvah Boy's dad could have only been one guy.
Supercalifragilistic this be such a dope kid.
Marvel villains, a list: 1.) Loki. 2.) Kingpin. 3.) A bunch of rubes.
"Get the saw." I was like OH SHIT
As great as this is, I'd love a second season with Mary and Elektra and motherfucking Bullseye.
I hope Leland gets his comics destiny.
Rosario Dawson is also great.
D'Onofrio destroys as Kingpin.
The Killing Joke is awful. Just your reminder.
Wait. Aja Kong is in SHIMMER?!
Best thing: Grover Is Coming.  http://t.co/bLnlNCKvVV
The referee talking through the replay as he watched it was kinda neat.
Two things: 1.) The grey field is awful. 2.) The Outlaws logo is great and I am disappointed that there's no Outlaws gear available yet.
BOO
"Archie Bradley" is a pretty awesome name for a baseball player.
I'm even thinking of watching the Arena Football game on ESPN 2. WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME
I've watched four episodes of Daredevil, and yet now I'm watching a meaningless April baseball game with the DBacks and Dodgers.
"20 different craft beers on tap at Chase Field". @ogasnor moved too soon.
One62 Plus is a dumb slogan.
I should do another full rewatch of Babylon 5. It's been too long.
The thing about baseball is the announcers can't be bothered to pretend 85% of it matters or is exciting.
TBF, I hope Portia gets the title shot because Portia vs. Nicole would be fun. #NInjasExplode
Kingpin is a hoss,
(I guess it's not the end, but damn.)
I just gasped at the end of episode 3.
"Hey, Canadiens, you had a fantastic season, here face the Sens in the first round, on the cusp of a 23-4-4 finish to the season!"
So when did that "I know who the witness is" scene happen? There wasn't a Year. DAMMIT 12 Monkeys.
WAIT HE'S NOT THE WITNESS
No bodies in a lot of deaths.
Whoa, Syfy is doing Childhood's End?
LOL at the Wind Beneath My Wings in Jennifer Goines' keynote. #12Monkeys #seasonfinale
"These sure are high stakes."
It's awkward and fan-ficy and perfect.
Children's goddamn Hospital. The Fan Fiction episode from last night is amazing.
"I am als immune to slave emotions like shame". Mikey C is a garbage human, too. Are there any decent folk in GG? (No.)
The fire extinguisher! ❤
What'll be interesting is how AKA Jessica Jones differs, and then Luke Cage &amp; Iron Fist from those. (Anyone know the Cage-Fist order?)
Well, shit. That was kinda great.
They make such great use of Matt's glasses.
That first fight scene, though. #Daredevil
Though to be fair, I legitimately have no idea how it'll end.
"Raylan Givens?" "Don't suppose you'd believe me if I said no." #Justified #notreadyfortheend
We're driving toward a Reservoir Dogs ending, aren't we? #Justified
No way he survives the season.
Bob is the best.
Sam Elliott is awesome. #Justified #LastThingOnTheDVR #DaredevilNext
"Is it like in Yahtzee?" Missed you, Louie.
"Totally racist against women."
If nothing else, it's a wonderful companion to Louie.
I think I loved The Comedians.
For shame for Hardwick mistaking the YES YES arms for raising the roof.
And a show on frigging SPIKE.
Anne Hathaway lip-synched to Wrecking Ball. How is this a show.
"You're the hacker known as Monkey Versus Shark..." Elementary has some awe-inspiring names in Everyone.
How has Arkady read such a huge pile already? Why would they keep them foregrounded in the shot? #TheAmericans
How many times is FX going to air The Avengers this month?
Some months, Hannah is my favorite. Sometimes it's Betty. This is a Hannah month. #RatQueens
"Hannah Vizari. Though I prefer Snuggletits." Monthly reminder that #RatQueens is the goddamn best.
"Hahaha! You are on fire and also dead." Darth Vader #4 rules.
Bernie Sanders is he best.
Dear Vin Diesel, please make a Fast &amp; Furious tabletop game. Or, probably better, hire somebody to do it.
Sam Bee's story about taking away rapist's parental rights is mind-boggling.
Thing I like about #LoreOfTheClans. Pretty much every clan writeup says "we started the Inquisition shh don't tell." @TheOnyxPath
LRT is your reminder that VDay is a garbage human.
Dude. I don't really like Farrell or Vaughn, but I'm still in: https://t.co/j6Bz4QpU6K #TrueDetective
Wow, this Sepinwall review of Daredevil is even better than I expected.  http://t.co/bF51QlnT7K
More moves in #NXT need names. Not "reverse lifting DDT"--Bloody Sunday.
That Drago-Aerostar-Fenix v. Havoc-Ivelisse-Angelico match is amaze.
LRT So his problem is LITERALLY that you can't judge a book by its cover.
Other thing I have been mispronouncing for nearly 20 years: "Caitiff". I always said "KI-tiff". But apparently it's kaytiff?
Hah. PWG got sniped at for belatedly announcing stuff, now we know most of their summer dates.
