Oh no we suck again
I miss yesterday http://t.co/3qDdlYo0DT
DOS A CERO
If you are an american and play soccer stay close to the phone because Jurgen might be calling you
Well i am jumping on the hype train Jordan Morris about to be the American Messi
goal by some guy #usa
moose should hit 1.000 imo
THEY ARE BEANING OUR TOES
when do they start reverse shifting
Wow the hockey playoffs start today, time to start caring
The Cain Train has added service to all 50 States and Canada
heres hoping there are no hit batsmen so that story can go away
Guy in an As hat stared at me and then told me he is still bitter. I just laughed
Oskar Blues and Left Hand breweries today.
If was 70 yesterday and tomorrow Boulder is getting 3 inches of snow. I thought Missouri weather was weird
Frenchy hitting dingers and the royals are short a RF. huh
*sitting on a rock catching breath* *10 people rub by*
Nothing makes me feel more out of shape than hiking in the mountains
Not a bad way to spend a week between jobs http://t.co/LpSsINFfaQ
I'm in Colorado but the part that is just extended kansas
driving through western kansas makes you understand why Sam Brownback is governor
God damn kansas is the worst
I'm leaving for a solo road trip to Colorado. Going to be neat
On to the next adventure.
The Kansas City Royals are a flying death machine
Loss Angeles
#WeDemRoys
But not about anything other than bananas
Yordano needs to talk to Erv. http://t.co/8gCbDDCT3y
SAL
Cheering an injury nice
im going to keep making that joke
Trout just mad that there is a better CF in the game thats all
trout mad
Sweet defense trout
The best CF in the series
DANO
if hos was on the bag he may have been out
The only thing that can stop Yordano is his own thumb
hi CJ
please dont bunt to get to omar
Single train
Roys twitter is a neat place
#StayHot
Its probably already to late unless we get another Guthrie inning
Ned just keeps betting on black and it keeps hitting
The throw to first was off line - Lee Judge
Everything is fine guys
They have tries that twice for some reason
Oh no Guthrie is still pitching dear god
Where was Joyce playing
Kill that rally
Oh my
#Dreezy
#DongTown
There wasn't a pitch was there? Im pretty sure that wasn't sal
Lol
You know when you have the opportunity to use your 5th starter over your fully rested 1 you have too
I thought he got it again
Breaking ball down is the only thing you should feed hosmer
Welcome to Mike Trout on FS1
Don't throw Holland three days in a row but let Sal catch 140+ games this year
The only thing getting me to wake up tomorrow morning is that if I don't show up I don't get my 50 hours of PTO paid out
I mean logically they will have to lose eventually but I dont think logic covers this
check please #WeDemRoys
This is some good baseballing
I vote that we just use 9 relievers every night
#IARFIE
of course its gio
#FHD
#ItsAlreadyTooLate
oh man i thought he got that
Pujlols
How long you been putting them over the wall? ALL DAY
That was so predictable
https://t.co/7q4MFXYT7O
everything is a strike now
lol thats not a hit
Christian Colon is on the 25 man roster
sit down
what a play
Getz would have got that one
thanks gio
Lorenzo en fuego
#Westcoastbaseballsnack starbursts
#Roys
They are having a pizza party since I am leaving the bank. I am the only one eating any. Yay.
#eddie
I'm calling Volquez, Eddie for the rest of the season
Rs
I'm going to write a book about tonight
400 Retweets woah
#WeDemRoys
CHOO CHOO
ZO
To be fair I found that somewhere on opening day and I don't know who to give credit too
http://t.co/dZJCCRXHqf
Omar can't hit here
Sal does not have a noodle arm
Noodle arm
Frasor was nasty
Salllll
Barehand pick up and a dart my goodness
Colon please
Oh that was pretty
Let's go rain
Duke didn't even invent basketball
BCS was disappointing
better call saul
I wish we werent robbed of Okafor/Towns
today was neat http://t.co/JnhS1Y0wL1
Someone stole our grill like what the hell
#WeDemRoys
#DongTown
Hi beautiful http://t.co/lExpFUKSOz
This is the best day ever
Popped open the crown town ale.
#TheRoysAreBackInTown
#BaconClub http://t.co/ghIlAo2EWW
Bae http://t.co/aLXu7aFTgS
All the 80 acre
LETS GO ROYALS
3 years ago Bruce Chen made the opening day start
John Kruk doesnt know what DVR is
cubes
Phil Coke still has a job
this ump is all over the place
they are going to run onto the K tomorrow as the American League Champion Kansas City Royals it is going to be #neat
"this is the guy you want on the mound in a win or go home situation" :)
base ball
anymore america songs that we need to get in before this thing gets going
that song went on for centuries
Kansas: where you dont need to have a permit to concealed carry but you cant buy beer on Easter
Padres sure are doing something
it is day 0 and im already worked up. goodbye followers
KC is a fluke WC game away from wondering about how they could have been one game better to win the division.
dont say anything negative about the royals because then you are wrong
I guess he was a on 45 HR/162 pace so that would be cool
ALCS and WS .211/.231/.500 wow really turning it around I hope we get that out of the two hole
Moose wasn't even that good after the ALDS
Who wants some guy from twitters autograph for 10 bucks http://t.co/u0GRxave8m
Oh wow it finally went down on royals twitter last night. About time
Sports Writers are being awfully brave saying that they didnt think Kentucky was that good after the game
The Duke/Wisconsin game in December was really good
Pro tip: start getting the police scanner ready
The SEC is overrated IMO
That was more of a charge than any of the others
That stepback
College Refs in full force
All those rich artists acting like they need to change everything to make money
who thought this was a good idea
It only took a year
New job, new apartment. On the way up guys.
Escobar and moose getting the most AB on the team. Wow.
Woah glad I didn't get up for Liverpool
FIRE
oh my
Clarkson dribbles around at the top of the key for a while shoots long three. Seems familiar
#ILikeRoys
I feel like Marshawn Lynch on media day and I'm only 3 days into my 2 weeks notice.
Starting at State Street in a month. The dark days of retail banking are over
Got a new job guys
Season finale for Saul can go so many different ways.
