You can't say shit like that and not expect me to not be hurt. Fucker.
Even angels have their wicked schemes
Damn I had to pull through will all kinds of shit for this damn passport lol
This is the exact vacation I need
I'm so excited to go to Mexico with my fave cousins lol it's gonna be bomb af
"I'm busy I'll talk to you later" 
*ignores them and takes nap*
Whenever I eat tuna I feel like I need a whole shower to stop smelling like tuna it's so annoying.
I hate when I finish a book and I'm kind of lost, like I don't know what to do next. lol
Lol I looked so trash today but I didn't even care, I'm evolving
Ugh can I just own those cool clap off/on lights wtf
Like I really have no problem offending people with the truth
I've become even more rude bc I really don't care anymore lol
Terrence** cream***
I hate you Terrance for not coming to Creme with us.
I can't deal
A little bit but it's cool 😘 https://t.co/NADRRWtei9
It really is 😂 https://t.co/H4y4HO3f9r
Oh my gosh I'm so hungry lol but I'm more lazy
God damn https://t.co/tI2GY9C2ps
Your kiss got me hoping you'll save me right now
From now on I will be better.
I haven't done that since like high school soccer days
I twisted my ankle really badly &amp; oh my god does it hurt
When's the last time you've had one drink? Communion. Lol
Oh well one day I'll be happy and laugh
Bc you moved on and I'm stuck craving your love
Honestly? I'm hella sad
Priyanka is amazing I love her
Idgaf bc your feelings don't affect mine
I am loving this night
A http://t.co/VUREjIWfn5
I'm feeling all of Leah's tweets hella hard
This battle of the djs is so pimp!!!
Drink until you feel it then keep drinking baby
Learned today in bio that we are connected like in a real way &amp; that's just beautiful to me lol
You can have all the drive in the world but you still need gas 🎶
My gpa is way better than I thought lol
that meeting with my teacher really eased my stress, he's so nice.
Nothing is actually wrong, it's just a feeling.
Jk I'm not smart or innovative enough to get anywhere without a degree
What if I just quit.
I'm trying so hard not to be upset but fuck I don't want to go back.
Me af rn http://t.co/ug94DS6PnR
Sip champagne and we talk about love
Books have ruined romance for me lol
Spending time with Diana made me feel so much better 💘
Not just to validate your feelings, but just so somebody knows that you feel them
Sometimes you just need to bounce ideas and feelings off somebody
I either care way too much or not at all. There is no in between for me
Like wtf? Life doesn't work like that.
I hate when people say "just find somebody else"
Stressed, depressed &amp; underdressed
I need some fresh air but I don't want to move
I'm so fucking done hearing about Zayn
True http://t.co/7RvWj37Joc
I guess I really hate getting messy in general
I absolutely hate eating with my hands and I will avoid finger foods
Being honest is such a waste of time.
That's how I felt today lol
I used to get so mad when my mom would wake me up from my naps that I would cry
I've woken up before 8 everyday this spring break and that hurts my heart.
Bring the drugs baby, I can bring my pain
The only requirement I have for my dream house is a cozy library
I wonder if there are people who really never find somebody
Like I'm almost always mad now, at least before I was happy just a little bitter
Really starting to feel like it ain't even worth the effort tbh
My phone must have sensed my anger bc it didn't autocorrect "fucking" for the first time ever.
I'm only watching this game for the babes, some of these players are 🔥
My family yelled hella loud for a goal and I got scared
I like having my hair up tbh
All the broken hearted ladies singin tonight damn
So much shade being thrown and for no damn reason lmao
I went to my 8 am for my teacher to tell me it's cool for me to bounce since my grade was good.
"No I'm not hungry" *while eating candy*
If you aren't taking my side I'm not going to listen. Idgaf if that's childish.
I remember when Jacob saw my sister and was like "well at least you're nice" lmao
There's no one else to blame but I'll take it with the fame
We have the most interesting convos, and those are the kind of people I want to spend my time with
My friends in ethnic studies are so dope.
Hard headed ignorant fucker
Like I really don't know any other fucking way to explain it
So angry it hurts.
I'm so fucking livid
I want to break something
My drunken selfies are way better than my normal selfies
We said it's hump day in unison, I love Priyanka lmao
I don't give a fuck what the date is, EVERYDAY is pie day.
Coed bathrooms make me so uncomfortable, like forget it it's not even worth it
Norman is so cute, why did he have to be crazy
One more week, I can do this.
I can finally read 🙌
Finished my homework, and it only took me 6 hours 😅
Wow my friend is getting married in September and I can't even commit to a gym membership.
How do grown ups meet people? Like at Starbucks or what?
I'm not used to being on this side, idk what to do
