#Stormtrooper
I feel like Coachella would be way to much for me and I would hate it yet I still want to go.
There's at least 2 crickets in my house every single day😷
This is the best thing you will ever drink in your life. http://t.co/mKWL3OWuSb
Oh my gosh parks and rec. stop it. That ending was the best of all time
Everyone and their freaking puppies
Basically the new Emojis look like the Simpsons
Wow just realized that Jamm from Parks and Rec is Laird from Girls and it's super weird
100% infatuated with the Scientology documentary "Going Clear".
Also mothers that refer to their sons as hot. Please stop.
Ok i understand you got a new puppy and it's the cutest of all time but 10 pictures of him a day is even too much for me. We get it.
How is Carly Ray jepson on snl. She has done literally nothing at all
Carter and i are making fun of all the people at the DMV asking if this is the end of the line. Nope you can just go right to the front
Wow true blood wow. That ending was so lame. Laaaame
Wha what. Finally 😍 http://t.co/a1NiO179OQ
Oh god. Now I can hear the kid crying.
Why must you let your kids run back and forth when you know there are people below you. Also it's day number 8 of this
Let's just say she's stressing me out
Shirley the 70 year old Uber driver
Now that @ToddBrassfield is letting me use his HBO I'm trying to figure out how not to watch every single show on here
Meeeeexicooooo in June. Only thing I care about. 🌴🌺🌊☀️❤️
Welcome to my life where I literally tear my necklace off on accident trying to get a bug off me
He's the cool whip guy http://t.co/5jHd2VsMdM
I should have come to our pool earlier. They gossip about all the neighbors
Ches, viva Chavez! #ParksandRec
Just gonna eat baconesque popcorn for the rest of my life
Oh my gosh I forgot how funny parks and rec is
Trying to stop myself from drinking all my protein shakes because they take like chocolate milk
THE BEST http://t.co/rnYWC4mHmA
Sometimes I think about skins and get legitimately upset and want to rewatch it
Already looking for "one ring to rule them all" sticker of the car
😍❤️ http://t.co/g3j2xc2peB
Haha always a mistake in my tweets
Probably getting another Forester and I so pumped because I missed my old one so much
Apparently you have to dress in workout clothes to shop at costco
By the way he won't text back because he's so obviously wrong
Sawyer said the New Balance shoes i want are for old ladies so I'm sending him pictures of Rihanna wearing them
Yay! The transmission in our car finally went out. So awesome. Not at all
Also I always end up with a typo in every tweet. Except for this one. Because I double checked.
He now understand why everyone needs thousands of pillows.
Carter couldn't understand why I would want more than 2 pillows on the bed and last night he told me to put 2 more so now we have six
#TeamKaitlyn @kaitlynbristowe
Also the Braveheart music playing while Chris waits for Whitney #TheBachelor
Becca:I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Chris: i finally got some answers. Im so happy.
Oh my gosh. Chris you are an idiot #TheBachelor
People are literally all the same. Let me pick the person who's just not that into me. #TheBachelor
When people at work talk about "oh poor me I have 41 hours". Yet I'm there just as much and I NEVER see them.
This week on walking dead Rick gets the perfect Pottery Barn house
Every time I watch Parks and Rec I think does April ever realize that she's married to Chris Pratt, one of the most beautiful men ever
I want that dress to change to black and blue
Literally a truck load of Girl Scout cookies http://t.co/9vxSuvUszD
Oh wow already sick of flying and it hasn't even started
Florence and the Machines new song is soooo freaking fantastic
The westminster dog show snap chat is my favorite
Already sick of 50 Shades of Grey commercials
Sawyer and I's communication is literally sending animal video/photos back and forth
Braveheart music in the Walking Dead👌
My boss facebook messaging me about walking dead. I didn't even know we were friends http://t.co/h4qVgHQjwq
Found the cutest shoes in the history of existence and of course they're $150 http://t.co/E5M4xn4pY0
Saw me. Talk about one of the most awkward moments of my life
A customer at work told me I look so much like one of the Austrian girls that ran away to join ISIS that he almost started crying when he
Loving her #wednesdayaddams #prismacolor http://t.co/oPhFGMfKC5
So carter is officially the Mountain #GameOfThrones
Oh my gosh. Kelsey is literally a movie villain. She is evil. #thebachelor
Literally the only way I can ever come close to working out
Watching the bachelor and walking on the tread mill👌
When people act like they don't know who's playing in the super bowl or anything about it. Please stop
Stupid Parenthood. Making every single scene make me want to cry
Wow how have I not tweeted about the Super Bowl being 10 minutes from where I live
Oh my gosh. I don't know if anyone's seem Labor Day but I literally can't handle how nosey the people in this movie are
Oh my gosh. Both Fantasias are on Netflix. So excited
Well that's certainly one way to piss me off
Being woken up by your landlord unlocking your door and just letting the air conditioner people in
Finally a good finale for American Horror Story
Also I'm hoping my Wednesday Addams portrait comes out as amazing as I want it to
Hey guys ask me what it's like to get a double raise at work. Oh it's fine I'll tell you. Um best thing ever.
So bummed I couldn't make it to Emilys bridal shower😢😩😠@emilyjulianna
Even though I've seen Monica and chandler get engaged like a million times it's still the cutest
Officially planning on getting our puppy in July. So freaking excited
Oh my gosh. Looked up the number and they have literally called hundreds of people and hacked their phones when they answer. What on earth.
Just got a call from this place. Ten Sleep, Wyoming. Population: 257. Hell no did I answer it. http://t.co/QOXs9Daylu
This book is freaking me the f out
Is it just me or is Shia Leboeuf absolutely beautiful in the Sia music video. Also the fact that he's dancing with Maddie from dance moms
Just found out there's a Free People store 20 miles away from me. So that's what I'll be doing today
Also I've realized that I am every character of Friends.
And third; this is my third morning shift in a row. Kill me now.
Second; I saw the most beautiful man on a motorcycle today. Beard, boots, and tattoos.
First; next week I work 8 days in a row. Kill me now.
Why do I choose to read "It" when I'm home alone. Why. Why.
Also just gonna make Carter buy me a giraffe skull for my birthday
planning all future clothing purchases on my trip to Mexico in 5 months
I'm sorry but I love Richard and Monica
Also drinking out of this little guy http://t.co/vCwmAexwqh
Going to a Mormon couples house tonight so I'm not sure if they can eat the tiramisu I bought
And starting Friends now
3 more seasons of SVU on Netflix 👌
My boss has a legit movie club but we crew members aren't allowed to hang out with the managers. But I need to be in that movie club
It's fine. There's a girl flying home to sacramento on my flight that I went to beauty school with. What on earth
Pretty sure he's hacking something right now http://t.co/fDjwb39H4v
The Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack is the only thing I listen to right now
Uber is the greatest thing on earth.
I want to talk to customers at Trader Joes the way Gordon Ramsey talks to customers at Hells Kitchen. #goals
And Also telling him that
All I remember is talking to a guy that looked liked Brad Pitt
When you accidentally post a snap chat to your story instead of sending it to your brother so it makes zero sense to anyone
Whoo. Next week I work 7 days in a row. Yes. So excited. Not. Not at all.
I'm sorry but I love Taylor swifts new song. They're great
20 minutes into shift and I spill trash juice all over my leg. Awesome.
This girl put up a picture of her and her baby and the caption is "every queens needs a king". So you're gonna marry your baby? What
Geez Sons of Anarchy. I'm pretty sure that sex scene was 100% real. Good lord.
But I'm sure they'll break up next season anyways
Well I'm with Sookie being with Alcide because yes please.
Can't just be a cute British guy. Nope. Has to be the worst villain on True Blood.
Of course the vampire that killed Sookies parents is the one I love. Of course. This show kills me
It's fine I forgot how much I love Eric Northman
Also all I want is a Charlie Brown tree
Cyber Week has graciously delivered me True Blood season six for $15. So naturally that's what I'll be doing on my two days off
Oh thanks walking dead. Just post that picture right on your timeline so everyone that didn't see it last night knows. Thank you.
Beer pong turned into mixed drink  pong
🍺 http://t.co/Bzv2PJfpnQ
Let me put up the entire story of my child's birth on facebook literally hours after giving birth. Or you could not do that
All these fricken kids having kids
the only 2 things I care about right now are Wicked Tuna and embroidering
Just gonna watch Wicked Tuna until I have to go to work
It's fine. Emily Gilmore is Baby's mom in Dirty Dancing. At least she's a nice person in the movie
Also if I had been aware of "Hooked on a Feeling" before the wedding that song would been playing at the wedding. 100% serious.
Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack is free on Google Play so naturally that's what I did today.
Good lord. What even is Interstellar #Insterstellar
Oh my gosh. Daryl and Carol stop being so cute. I love them too much #amcthewalkingdead @wwwbigbaldhead @WalkingDead_AMC
Forgot about birds migrating south for winter so basically there's about a million and one ducks out here http://t.co/LJICIAt8qz
