Binge listening to @chancetherapper for his birthday, even though I do this on an any ordinary day
Happy birthday chano @chancetherapper
Sox win, Cubs lose... What a great day in baseball
I have one block left, what on earth do i spend it on
Passion pit is our spring concert! WHAT DO I DO WITH MY HANDS??
why can't Chance just drop surf already
Abreu is a baaaaad man
Don't get me wrong, I'm a big ten fan till I die. So on Wisconsin!..... But 59-0 will never go away #gobucks
Congrats to Wisco for putting on a better performance than their last time at Lucas Oil Stadium #gobucks http://t.co/KYQZsDRMPS
I think I just fell in love with the Lucky's bartender 😍
It's about 3 months late but happy birthday @madisoncolvin25 http://t.co/cHleRB3lV1
HOLY BALLS CHICKEN FRIES ARE BACK AGAIN
Dayton fans chanting "We are UD".... How original
I've been at this Dayton game for less than 5 minutes and their shitbag fans have already reassured me why I hate them so much #fuckdayton
Virginia has the Sparty curse
No matter how good/bad the regular season is, Michigan State always shows out for the tourney.
Willie Cauley-Stein may be the best dunker in college
Getting back from Spring Break at 1:30 am and making a pit stop for some drinks at our favorite @ToosUnderHigh
Anyone at Toos?
Good thing UC can play defense, cause man are they god awful on offense
Best player in the country as far as I'm concerned #AgentZero
Horseshit call
Amir Williams doing his natural pre game ritual by eating a pound of popcorn to butter up his hands so he can't catch the damn ball
IF ONLY GUS JOHNSON STILL ANNOUNCED THESE GAMES 😭
And that ladies and gentleman, is why march madness is the best sports postseason ever
Of course the first game in the round of 64 is a barn burner
Huge birthday shoutout to my man @glynch319 . Glad to have you as a life long brother 😎 http://t.co/yPqcFp0Jfl
How the hell is it midnight
Just got stuck in an elevator for 50 min hahahaha
Let's see what you got USC 😎🍀
Colts vs Seahawks, Super Bowl 2016
"Skirts are actually really comfortable"- @Jake_T_Hirsch #hagayyyyyy
Shoutout to THE lakes Eagles for taking home the regional championship once again!
Tuscan Leather is just something else
I don't know if I hate Bonnie or Marc Smith more...
Once I had a dream where I had a son when I was 20. Last nights dream, I got married when I turned 21... What is going on
And more importantly, Kane's injury better not be extensive
Damn d Rose has spent so much of his career recovering and not even playing actual games
You can never get bored watching hoopmixtapes
The real question is Jake looking up these Parks and Rec quotes or does he know them by memory
"There's an old saying in Tennessee that says fool me once, shame on - shame on you. If you fool me.. we can't get fooled again"
Always love seeing k-state beat KU
I woke up at noon and it's now 2:30 and I haven't left my bed yet. I have a problem
HOW DOES THAT POSSIBLY GO TO MICHIGAN
It's about time I start binge watching Friends again
It's been forever since I've been to Cazuelas
First person to complain about the weather in the summer deserves to get punched
So Ohio and Cincy both have no school.... Hey Osu get with the program
Took the L, but on the bright side I got my first technical foul in intramural basketball
I wanna catch Rigdon in the act of taking one of his famous instagram pictures
Still kinda baffled my roommate wore his fisher direct name tag to theta dp tonight #networking
No Jon Stewart cannot be stepping down from the daily show
Missing a week of class due to illness naturally results in studying till 4 am and counting..
Ariana grande #bruhhhh
How sweet D'angelo Russell is
Oh Dempsey that was a dirty move
Okay iowa basketball fans are soooo annoying. Bitching about everything in this game
The W always means a little more when it comes against the Blues
Willie Cauley-Stein 😱😱😱!!!!
Id be okay with @lindacohn getting hit by a bus
You'd have to give me the worlds best argument to convince me Brady isn't the best QB of all time
hahahahaha that mountain dew kickstart ad
I'm convinced Belichick is a football savant, he turns nobody's into Super Bowl champions
FIGHT! Please please please
This just in: Chris Collinsworth can't believe the call
Pete Carroll forgot he had BEAST MODE
Props to that #LikeAGirl ad
Hey this is Kim Jong Un's favorite song
I would do illegal things for those shark costumes
I remember a time where Super Bowl commercials were funny. Now they're depressing as hell
McDonalds trying to make people forget how low quality their food has gotten
Tom Brady is a bad, bad man
Who thought it was a good idea to let chris Collinsworth commentate this game..
You're looking at the newest buckeye, welcome to the best school in the land http://t.co/rAKQFFlPcZ
The first thing my mom wants to do when my sister announces her college decision is post on Facebook #bruhhhhh
I had no idea uptown funk was the name of that song
Holy shit I think my mom just blew a gasket cheering 😳
WOW dance completions are excruciatingly painful sometimes
