Ol baby if that,(what eye do)?is 2me baby U did Nothing wrong baby!It's let's me no I'm not losing my mind! Thanks baby can't wait2 hold U!
Jada I will leave u alone, I understand
Hey my babie, have a Great Day! Yo Father loveeeeee! U Jada!!!!!!!!!!!
Busy Tues. running all day lady! love hope u having a Great day! Lady u my baby!
CNN I Just had a terrible thought!Has anybody ever wonder how many serial killer police officers,around theUS.states!Without camera around!
Have a Beautiful day baby. Love U doll!
Just thinking a bout u baby, I owe U so much (Love) &amp; weekly allows! wowwwww!lol Do school work. Love u Jada!
Have great day baby i love you Jada!
Hey baby u got a church there, I love u Jada!
Ck this baby, please, don't let me miss yo b.d. please doll, I've all ready miss too many! Bye babie!
Good morning sweetheart! I love U Beautiful young Lady!
Baby ck this. Ur daddy can sing right! 1 of the many song I'm going 2 sing 2 u.I'm digging a.alsina my boy!benediction finally kno words.luv
Hello my daughter, I hope u having a Great day babie. I want my baby!!!!!! Love U baby. Talk later!
Jada ck this baby, igot 5000fb friends,(I have found U Now,) I'm 50 baby, what the hell I need this 4 Now? Sorry 2 bug U,Love U!
Hey babie, I hope u having a Beautiful day I love U my Dear!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Goodnite! Baby I pray fo you constantly! I love you my little lady! Your father Ed! I've started praying fo yo folks believe it not! Kisses!
Hey Jada, my only sweetheart yo daddy loves! U baby!
Yo fault.2yago.I was sick.so afrien sai try fb.2findu.now all dee wome giving me hell.lol,an when I sho them my mimi me!Imak prettybaby damn
Hey baby I pray u blessed baby.I can't wait till sch.is out.Jada I'm dying 2 see u doll!I hope yo folks r blessed as well! daddy love u jada
Baby I pray yo Easter was great.I hope sch. KOOL.remember baby no matter what anybody sai.yo Father luv! Uuuuuu!Jada! http://t.co/0OKlgkiYWK
Happy Easter! http://t.co/nxWCD6cfWB
Happy Easter! All ways remember baby Jesus #1! DADDY!  LOVE You MY ONLY ONE!!!!!!!!!!!
All baby that's 2 bad!i got time I gotta2 make up,so hurry up!Fyi back n the day they use2 call me little Jordanb\c I'm 6-1 Sorry again baby
Baby I'm sure u know this, we need duke 2 loss today. We don't want duke n final! Look@ me we!lol. My only 1!
Knowing me is loving me too.Jada
Jada u happy witout me baby like peo.sai I had valley b4 n my life I couldn't c trrow.This another 1 Jesus fo some reason he lead me.By baby
Jada mayb I'm lossing my mind like she said baby.why me I didn't no wrong. Iwant my child r u not mine baby? 1 way conversation baby Jesus!
I want my baby!
Jada I no u mad but just gotta sai tel yo Mother I no alot of guys but no 1that's ben punishnes.more then me!fo not acting right wi a woman!
B/c I've not show her attn! Loss my# my baby got the final said with eveything with me.If she don't like u ass fu.sorry baby.no hide.love u
Baby I'm sorry I don't kno if u got bf&amp; classes2,but ck this I'm invited2 bp on b.st,this lady I'm c mad b/c my daughter is not support2get2
Sorry baby,ck this yo pic on my phone so I can brag quickly, Naw I have the right 2 do that my mimi me.well Lana gets a li credit! Just you
G.M. my only 1, can't sleep this morning don't kno what's up with that! I Love You Baby!
I love you Jada!
G.M. my only one! I'm digging the song. Hint,Hint. &amp; baby l haven't seen Lana &amp; Michael n over 20yrs I hope they're blessed! I love U baby!
Pretty baby, Your Father Love U!!!!!!!!
Sweetheart,I no u r so busy I can just imagine.but I was told several time u was not my.but I no u was n my soulSo I'm not leting go!lov U!
P.S. Love You!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jada baby you mad@ me because of things you have been told, &amp; I can't shake the feeling of being robbed of 21b.d.&amp; Xmas,es.That's not a word
Hey sweetheart ck this,I purchase a Kentucky hat&amp;Jersey, I kno it's jump on@ the n but I don't care that's my baby school sorry m-town.
Jada sweetheart I don't kno if u get this baby I didn't kno! I don't have the right but I'm so proud of u.U all I got I Will wait for ever!!
I know baby!
https://t.co/L3oNyuG63q
