I'd rather be back at my apt playing Mortal Kombat
Getting Mortal Kombat X today, so ass whoopings are being handed out today free of charge.
Hoodie + sweatpants + today = worst idea every
Every chipotle has that one white dude with dreads on the grill
Bloody Jay said can I get em yet, I'm like nah balm down keep it bool
#NotAnonymous https://t.co/Z1rVBt3L6E
#Fatgang
We get hoodie Allen for springfest,  the fuq
I got to really fuck with you for me to send emoticons
Computer, iPod, and my tooth are what I need to take care of when I get home
I need to get a job so I can get all of my stuff fixed
I pray that my car didn't get towed, that would suck massive dick
I promise after I go home I will take really good care of her and get everything fixed
My car stopped moving again, why does she not like me.
Nobody better roll a mild in this bitch, before I up my 40 cal in this bitch
Stupid bands in this bitch.
Soon as I become a super saiyan I'm dropping out of school. #Goals
How did I forget to do this paper.
If you a fuck nigga keep my name out ya mouth
I got mo blocks than Dkembe
My electricity has been out for hours, I'm pissed.
Who's trying to hang out today because I literally have nothing to do.
So what's everyone doing in the Ak cause I'm bored as fuck
Should I spend this 70 to go see juicy j #DecisionsDecisions
The last 395 kling st party before spring  break
I swear on everything I love @Cal_Wheelz Chill with all the big booty white girls
Nowhere in any religion does it say to hate people different from you.
Like that truly doesn't add up to me
How can you be religious AND racist?
"@WhatTheFFacts: A self driving BMW can also drift. It is equally as good as a professional drift driver. http://t.co/BvluxWanAN"getting it!
I just wanna not care anymore
I love my best friend @_shanielle So much
Why is everywhere celebrating st party's day
I been trying to wife @M_Lovely54 for the longest #nolove
Party bus and strip club for my Jordan year.
Me so cool
I wanna fuck both girls from broad city so bad.
You know I'm sick when I don't even want to eat
"@SportsCenter: The cheapest ticket available for the Floyd Mayweather-Manny Pacquiao fight will be $1,500." So there's still hope.
It makes my jaw hurt and it feels like my eyes wanna pop out of my head.
Sinus headaches are the worst
It's amazing how much sinuses can fuck you up
If I could just breath out of my nose this would be so much easier to handle.
Roll a superman blunt half cookie half hash
When you can face time off the Apple watch them I'll get a iPhone and Apple watch
I can't wait til I get me a animal
Fuck xanax
When in doubt always get fries
I don't want no scrub, a scrub is a bitch that can't get no love from me.
No love for this nigga
Probably not but I'll be really sad.
If one more bad thing happens I might snap
Can I catch a fucking break I mean shit!!!
Car won't move, computer and iPod screen broke,now my sweat pants got bleach stains.
I got bleach on my Jordan sweats, I'm going to sleep I'm really depressed now!
I don't invite myself out with people #justhowiam
I hate not doing anything on Thursday.
I turned that off and I don't give no shits if I finish it, I wasn't invested enough into the story
Like that's one of the few movies I couldn't Fuck with
Tried to watch American Sniper last night and I just couldn't get into it
Longway Longway
For mama duke I'll pop ya daughter
I just broke my lab top
I want to be done for the day so bad
"@WeLoveRobDyrdek: When you can't stop spending money on food http://t.co/vrkvqWsOz8" college life.
That mask from the purge so live
It's too cold outside and I'm gone have walk in it tomorrow.
It's cold as hell out here!
So many adventures!!!
Bruh this shit is too ducking lame
I'm really going to take myself to red lobster for Valentine's day #treatyoself
Ugh I need a new iPod!
All for valentines day I want is to chill with a cool girl get high and watch these movies I got on my computer.
I fucks with 12 bricks so much @OGMaco
Woke up sneezing blood today, should I be worried?
I'm a natural born finesser
10 grand of cologne on my dresser
A$AP Chynna @MadeInChynna I fucks with that!!!
I've got the @Seahawks winning #SB49! #SeahawksWIN @NFL http://t.co/y1JF9WChXf
