I don't need no fuccin body I run my own shii
Shessh...
Who woulda knew I use to blocc this nigga lay ups.. now he in a cell layed up. I wish u well stay up
They hate u if u fake, but they hate u more if u real.
We too busy for a wedding n a kid...
If u got a iPhone go download that flinch app. I'm roastin eerbody
If I need sun raccs ima flip me sum paccs
Shawti wanna tell me secrets bout another nigga. I told that bitch its more attractive when u hold it dwn.
Minding my business gettin to this bread
Carter 6
I can see that bullshiiit from a mile way
this life ain't permanent. Count up yo blessings
This shyt everything to me
Cold world.
When I put ice on, call me Sub Zero. All of my niggas they hard call em beetles
Shitty ass weeknd but always God is great.
Life is to short. Takes 0.00 to be real. Man go out n help somebody today not cuz u can. Cuz maybe tomorrow u won't even have tha chance
Prayers up for u and your family @Rigat_It_All . If u need anything plz don't hesitate hit me...
"@ItsNotMeeka: As soon as u mush an avacado does it become guacamole?" Things u ask wen u doed lol
I jus been doin me I don need nothing else. Aint that real nigga....u ain't that real nigga
Salute tho who all came from tha slums...cuz real nigas understand they plugs
Poppin pills tryna lose tha thoughts. 1 day we all gone. Maybe live to die strong either way we gotta carry on.. drinkn Hennessey
"@Islamic_Memo: Alhamdulilah for what Allah has given us!" Ameen
"@BeautyArabian: Palestinian 😍 @lena_hatem http://t.co/aVAzL9reRU"beautiful..
Wonder if g'z make ot to heaven hope it don't take long. Sit me next to Malcolm Martin Pac n Trayvon.
You get less time for rape than sellin a bricc. So who cares if we have blacc president
Aint gotta like it but u will respect it or else..
Wake up in tha mourning like ,sky's tha limit.
Stop tawkin bout other ppl shit n get on yo own shit. Aint a motha fuca alive that I'm here to impress except my mama lol. God is always gud
You can't have a mean attitude w a friendly vagina
Make her read tha Qur'an to me
After last night tgeres a reason why I don't step out nomore. Denver gettin wild b
Fat sacc of tree than we hop on tha yacht yawp
Money taught me Spanish make it undale.
Can't front it woulda been hella coo to go to a bob Marley concert
Gawd damn I hate rich niggaz
Crooked smile mama neva had tha money, dammn I ain't trippin niga Jordan I ain't pippen. Up tha steps I aint slippin
Old playa new game I'm focused, feelin like I got 2 brains.
I'm in my prime I feel like a new man.. how come there is 2 women but ain't no 2 Buni's haha
"Listen up I'm bout to go n get rich... So stand bac n watch if you want to nigga"
Shakyness man I don't have no time for that
Yes tha gawd has spoke, I need smoke mane
They're no right or worng
Not even wit tha lame shit too grown for that think I'm not w tha shits jus try me
I know what I want so if u don't txt bacc bitch its u not me.... Not like these corny nigga playa get up of my dic.
Get tha tf up off dicc.
Nd you kno its still fucx these new niccas cuz I still rocc wit my ones 1
Can't trust a single soul
Praised be to tha most high
"@Lem_drop: you can hate me now. *Diddy bops" but I WON'T stop now
Babes wit tha sundresses.. oh my *
Nicca real ratchet I ain't wifen shit
Cinci wit tha game winner
1018 still a real nigga
Video: Got No Chill: Dude Spazzes Out On A Group Of Cops And Gives Them The Middle Finger! http://t.co/pI6301d07M via @worldstar
I'm lookin at these niccas like fucc em all
All that fake love so don't congratulate me.
Sum niggas go to college sum go to jail.. sum make it to heaven, sum make it to hell. Tha game of life juhearddd
Proud to payy
Cocaine coupe we ain't een got a scale.
Look back like damn look how far we came.
Wake up in tha morning like sky's tha limit
"@Blessed1flight: Don't forget where you come from, never change for nothing" fr
If I fuxs witchu fr. Off tops I'll make time for u. Wit that bein said fr i jus don't fux witchu
They say be careful on Friday 13th. Ya rite yung nicca still gettn paid...
Can't een front ye killed that all day joint 👂
But do yo thang cuz we don give af
While u gone ur daughter need a dad n her mama need a man that can keep buying her bags. Dirty game ain't no love jus use that pain
Gotta middle finger longer than dikembe
"@wizkhalifa: Why aren't niggas hungry?" 24/7 365 days nigas gettn paid
Like a lyght skin slave boi we in tha motha fuccn house
So many playa hatin niggas tryna sound lyk us
 I Don think they know me
My nigga check in up on me from prision...lol idk how that's Love tho.. Crazy its been 6 years
I got real 1's everywhere that I go. Ya run up
next plan Aint no tellin.
I got bustas hoes and police watchin a nigga yuknow... think im goin back theyre really on that dope. haha
It so good to remain n stay loyal. Life to short dawg ball out
"@DrSkeetMyTweets: @Welcome_2_MBuni @BlowMy_Khush that shot broke foo! Here go a little help 🔧🔨 haha" lmao chill
Slowly gettin bac to tha ol me.... Buckets on any1 lol
Take a piss n thank tha man. Now get back to this money
Some ppl chase tha world, others let tha world chase em
Tricc luv tha kids
Sharing is caring but that cat ain't gold.
"@blairholley: "Been working on myself and that's the most important work
Even if you don't get paid for it.""rt
1 come out another goin 1 in free all my patnas in tha chain gang
How can a niga take u serious. U a nigga wit a tongue ring tf
On a million gone to meet a billion
"@mahkmeez: @Welcome_2_MBuni haha I'm saying my nigga"haha!
"@mahkmeez: Fake people really like other fake people lol. That's funny"haha rt don't make @ a few niccas haaaa
Don't be acting like I need u
Chris brown n tyga - ayo.... Yah they did that
Tryna sell they story I don even open up tha package.
"@its_tanaBEE: I highkey wanna drink all day."
This game is fair cuz its unfair to everyone
Live a life a thug nigga till tha day I die... Live tha life of boss nigga even gettin high.
Lmao my nigga Moses on 7news
Tgif payday.
Stop frontin 2015...
I kno I kno I kno, yeen that nigga u say u is.
understanding wats right is wats left
Its all gud niggas wromg errday
show em how to move in a room full of vultures....
She fuc wit tha whole squad ya she hop on tha team... thats wat we call a band wagon haha
