Ya I climbed a pole last night. So fucking what
Just saw a Carl's Jr commercial and now I'm getting an El Diablo burger. Advertising at its finest.
If your man hasn't participated in the Tri Wizard Tournament
 #sorryyourealesbian
If your man doesn't larp #sorryyouralesbian
The larp tournament starts at 7 if you'd like to stay and watch that.
Just saw the quidditch world Cup story on snapchat. I'll be hosting tryouts for my team tomorrow at 6 at Gene Autry Park.
You shouldn't do drugs that are harder than you. If you a soft mother fucker then you shouldn't do hard drugs, how bout that
I can piece a rap together faster than the average, and every word together's like a sermon when I'm rappin'
Happy national sibling day @ERINFAYE123 @T8Cullen22 @SirCarsonOtto and my real brother Charlie who's too old to use new technology
Bacon wrapped crab stuffed shrimp from Baja Joes.... So fucking bomb.
Damn you national beer day!
Oh my god!!!!  Get me off!!!!!
Last night in one of the most fun places I've ever lived tonight...
The only reason my Avi is me as a toe is because I think it's less embarrassing if I make fun of myself.
Baller
Hahahahahhahahahahahahahahah
I'm a fucking toe.
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
If your man doesn't own a wolf #sorryyourealesbian
If your man isn't watching the championship game right now.  #sorryyourealesbian
If you're man doesn't watch playoffs #sorryyourealesbian
If you're in a committed relationship with another woman #sorryyourealesbian
If your man doesn't know how to change brake pads. #sorryyourealesbian
If your man has never worked a clutch. #sorryyourealesbian
I'll be back later to let YOU know if you're a lesbian or not.
If your man has seen Magic Mike #sorryyourealesbian
If your man knows the difference between teal and turquoise #sorryyourealesbian
If your name is Tate #sorryyourealesbian
If your man can't grill a steak medium rare #sorryyourealesbian
If your man's hair is longer than yours #sorryyourealesbian
If your man has more pairs of shoes than you. #sorryyourealesbian
Fucking shameless was too good tonight
You could say I'm off to a good start of the day
I just freaked out like a little school boy bitch because a bee landed on my head and a bunch of people saw it.
Already really excited for the ribs I'm making tomorrow
This prank war is going to be the death of me
So nevermind I hate my life
Except I'm at work.
My life is so great.
And now the Duke of Calgary is putting on a fake beard as is tradition
I just ate lunch but I could go for a burger and a beer right now
Refinishing all the doors/molding in the house and I'm getting high off the fumes. It's a nice compliment to these margaritas
Or maybe it does and I'm just an alcoholic
The "you're an alcoholic if you drink before 5 o'clock" rule doesn't apply on your days off.
So I'm eating breakfast and instead of putting tapatio on my burrito I pour my coffee all over it... The maids laughed at me...
Um excuse me sir but do you mind fucking off?
How did we drink that much yesterday?
Sitting in the warehouse eating chocolate covered lays because I have nothing to do. There really not even that good.
Ya'll, ya'll bitches
Hey @_SJAY_ thanks for being born on today. I appreciate your life.
Just got the biggest craving for pizza completely out of nowhere
Why do people Snapchat themselves singing songs in there car.
Corned beef sandwiches for lunch #thanks momma
HAPPY SAINT PATTYS DAY YA'LL YEEEHAWWWW #irishcowboy
People just let us pour wine all over them it was too funny
Long pour chugs of wine off the hotel balcony was hilarious
Still so hungover and I stopped drinking Sunday morning..  #SPRAANGGGBREAKKK
T minus 7 hours till departure
I wanna be off work so badly right now
dobis tats thanks for the follow very dobis of you http://t.co/n5cDSXjfmy
So fucking annoyed right now..
OK only 2 more days
I love the maids and all, Wonderful ladies, but I'm trying to fucking sleep. it's to early to be woken up by a vacuum.
Eating croutons like chips and now my beds full of crumbd
Impatiently awaiting the weekend...
At work and all I really want to do is watch the new shameless and walking dead... And smoke a fat doobie #420blazeit
Only a few more hours to go...
Excuse me sir where can I find the baaaaaaaaggssss
Today is nice
Pleasantly woken up
This next hour needs to hurry up because I need a nap
So many orders!  
😥
I've said it before and I'll say it again I make the best fuckin breakfast burritos
