You never consider the consequences of picking your lips until you try to eat hot wings
If everyone was to donate me just $1, you could feed a starving college theatre major for a week
I feel like my life would be 10x better if my hair still looked like this http://t.co/Q3yOF98N8M
#TBT to when I had amazing hair...I miss you bae 💔 https://t.co/qg8WdWik2e
...So I don't see why I get judged for getting pumped up to "Do You Hear The People Sing" from Les Mis?
No one ever gets judged for getting pumped up to rap music...
New rule:
If you don't know how to correctly pronounce my last name, you don't know me well enough to judge my life
Nugget's in the cone of shame http://t.co/FpcmSdImVB
Sleeping in the lobby out of pure refusal to get another lockout key
If there's one thing musical theatre class has taught me, it's that there is a role for me in any Alan Menken musical
30 minute lessons in Sondheim
I would love to be a ghost...I would haunt people so they knew it was me
I don't think we made nearly as big a deal about prom king &amp; queen last year as the class of 2015 is making
You don't need to understand our inside jokes 😂 http://t.co/Gno1TwWeVl
Am I the only one who has a hard time accepting that you can't make everyone like you?
Sometimes I have to tell myself to stop being crazy, and then I realize that I'm talking to myself
I've been called many things, but "a mean little cookie" has to be the weirdest
My lipstick tastes how Play Dough smells
My face when my academic advisor told me that I won't be able to get my dream job http://t.co/9NWPTrbWEA
You would think the front desk assistant would take pity on my 8th lockout at 5 am
Maybe I'll just drop out, stage an accident in a McDonalds, sue them, move to a rich neighborhood and trick my neighbor into marrying me
Do you ever look at the first and last text conversation you had with someone and wonder how things changed?
This is what a 9 page research proposal turns me into http://t.co/MhnOOwwX5M
No matter how many times I write it, I always think the word exaggerate has an H in it
Don't judge me for doing my makeup in class, waking up is hard
PSA: NEVER forget to bring socks to bowling class!
I like to walk in the middle of the parking lot so if the bus tries to leave without me I'm just like "Fuck you, hit me. I dare you"
I always wonder if guys have secret crushes on semi-strangers like girls do
When I was little, I genuinely thought that quicksand was going to be a big problem in my life
Having to ask people you haven't talked to in while for favors is the absolute worst
I don't care if my picture is two years old, I will use it until I take another one that good
Cute promposals will always make me sick no matter how old I am
I wear cute pajamas because there's a high chance I will be wearing them to class the next morning
My primary source of income is saying "What change?" when my dad gives me money to go get dinner
The weekend is 48 hours that you have to fuck up the life that you worked so hard for a week
I ran to catch a bus, the bus driver saw me and drove away right when I got to it...THIS DOESN'T JUST HAPPEN IN MOVIES!
#KUJ300 http://t.co/hXd8MMqtim
Grandpa: Do you like chocolate? 
Morgan's bf: Yeah, I'm human
Happy Easter! 🐣
If you're having a bad day, just remember this picture of my mom exists http://t.co/n0dEFz8wDe
No piece left unbuttered!
Movie theaters where you can do your own butter are the real bae
Shit my mom says:
"You're awkward, but being awkward is okay...it means you have personality"
Fuck you bitch, I'm fierce af #FBF http://t.co/qFRUb5g8RP
I don't care who she is or what she did, no girl should ever be called a cunt. Period.
How does one socially acceptably move over one seat so you're not sitting next to anyone?
How weird I am when I'm with my closest friends doesn't even come close to how weird I am when I'm alone
Getting into intense snapchat arguments
Every now and then, I find turf in an old shoe and get weirdly nostalgic about high school
I hate when people don't get my references to early 2000's Disney Channel original movies
Weird childhood flashback: 
I had to use crutches for a week in 3rd grade because of a bug bite on the bottom of my foot
Today I have been called "a dinky little thing" and told "you're like 12" #shortgirlproblems
Breaking the Ellsworth lockout record should count for something in my life's worth
If you wear your letters and they're not on a frocket, did you even wear your letters? #wearyourletterswednesday http://t.co/ilgPoc1Wzd
I just want class to start so these bitches next to me will stop talking about their diet 
"She should be replacing pasta with quinoa" 😁🔫
The best part of writing a research paper is feeling that sense of reward at the end for all the unique combinations of swears you made up
All I want is a normal amount of abnormal back in my life
Do you ever have the urge to get in your car and just drive like Forrest Gump ran but without all the unnecessary exercise
Yes, I could be writing my speech, but the roast of Justin Bieber is just so much better
Sweetie, we sent the dog to live on a big farm, where he was promptly eviscerated by a bigger meaner dog. That's the way of a farm, you see.
People just don't like people like themselves. 
I would never date myself...Im a sarcastic, stubborn, slob
I would never do that to you, and it hurts that you think I would
Part of me really wants an old, senile man to actually think I'm the first lady Jackie Kennedy
When you're Jackie Kennedy af http://t.co/Lq76svX70R
Going a day without my phone made me wish I still lived in the era of Gameboys and Hit Clips
When you try to curl your short hair like you used to curl your long hair and end up looking like Donna Reed http://t.co/XjvlJ9AAhr
When every student in a lecture of 500 turns against the professor
Passive aggressiveness is my biggest pet peeve
You're officially an adult when you've spent more than $100 on groceries in one trip
#TheatreProblems 
Rolling into the dining hall like: http://t.co/Pl3it7LKjf
The casual stares you get when you don't have time to take zombie makeup off after class
I would be the most low maintenance girlfriend. Like, I just want to get wings and a pizza and binge watch Freaks and Geeks
I hate when I'm singing to myself and then realize that there's a person behind me
I don't think I've received an adequate amount of sleep since 2010
The first guy I had a thing with was 3 years older than me 
It was super scandalous 
I was 3 and he was 6
We held hands
The weirdest thing about being home is seeing people I actually know on Tinder
Getting to stay in my real home tonight. Always love being in Allen ❤️
Im willing to wait for food because love is patient
Reunited with the bae 😍 http://t.co/wwmraTHVdH
Being back in Texas gives me the feels
What college acting lessons teach you:
Everything you learned in high school was wrong
My parents trusted @chantelio13 to drive my mom's truck over me 😒
Beauty and the Beast 2: The Trip to Ikea
Like 3/4 of their furniture turned to people
Have you ever thought about how much furniture Belle and the Beast would have to buy after getting married?
I think I burned my tongue on pizza
Anytime I spill my coins, I always make sure to leave a face up penny for someone to have good luck
And I still really want more food
Instead of writing my speech, I just spent the past 30 minutes focusing all my attention on finishing off an expired bag of kettle chips
Why do people still look at me funny when I say weird things? Do you not get it yet that I'm strange?
I've forgotten to dot my i's for 2 years, you can't get upset that I forgot to text you for 2 hours
Giving me a punishment option and signing it "your choice, dad" just seems like I'm in a Saw movie
When your parents are more strict on you in college than in high school
Things my mom casually says to me:
"You definitely should've been on meds as a kid"
I never knew anyone's address, I just knew how to get there
There's no such thing as getting food without a coupon in my house
Im just saying the tears in Whiplash had to be real, J.K. Simmons is terrifying
I can be melodramatic too sometimes
Why are people so complicated? This is why I turn to pizza
I am never more ugly than when I look in a mirror at the hair salon
Everyone's tweeting about spring break and I'm stuck with one more week of classes 😒
Why do I let myself make choices at 2am?
Indulging in 580 calories of pure not good for you
7th grade, 8th grade, sophomore year, senior year...these will always be my favorite pictures of me ❤️ http://t.co/1bwtzQv6uy
http://t.co/qhyTKtWJB1
In case you were wondering, I did http://t.co/NCsQfH80FY
I just spent an hour that I could've been doing homework trying to decide if I should order a pizza
There should be a word for the sudden urge to go shopping at Target
Im gaining a new respect for left handed people
My recommended on YouTube would be so confusing to someone else because I always seem to end up in the weird medical videos late at night
Update: I accidentally fell asleep and was woken by the parking cop
Literally sitting on the floor of my car watching The Last Five Years because I like small spaces
Why did I have to sprain my right wrist? I can't do life with my left hand
Throwback to two things I miss...long hair and Bahama Bucks ❤️ http://t.co/2HbGtkRGFb
Is anyone ever actually successful when they tweet "Someone come hang out with me"?
People who don't move up in line make me uncomfortable
It's not a family event if it's not stressful
I can't wait to live somewhere where I can wear big floppy hats and not be judged
Magic Man concert last night was so good! I'm obsessed! https://t.co/ShkbgSRT0p
Do you ever fall in and out of sleep during a movie, but don't want people to know so you try to make comments but it makes it worse?
I have never seen so many hipsters in one place before
I don't know what all of you are arguing about, that dress is clearly lime green and hot pink
Sometimes I think to myself "No, Taylor, you already had lunch" but then idgaf and eat Chickfila anyway
Sometimes I like to keep embarrassing photos of myself because I don't know, maybe it'll come in handy
The Best of Me should be titled All The Things That Can Go Wrong In A Person's Life
But seriously, one of my biggest pet peeves is when people don't text me back...I just begin to think the worst
#whyagdwednesday because why even be in a sorority if you can't enjoy being total dorks with the most… https://t.co/kxXYlRGiBg
If you can't legally drink at your wedding then you're too young to get engaged
Everyone: "Can you fail bowling class?" 
No, but you can certainly fail at bowling http://t.co/LLMx3cfPMF
You know your life is going downhill when the only people that text you are Sonic and Pizza Hut
Im strange, I accept that, you should too
Im about to unfollow everyone from Allen, because I don't have Pete Delkus up here in Kansas, just 8 degree weather and class
If you don't get my bad musical theatre puns, I don't get you
In musical theatre class:
Professor: It needs Danny Kaye 
Joe: What's Danny Kaye? 
Me: It's choreography http://t.co/13sR00de2K
Getting into intense debates about the difference between New Releases and Recently Added on Netflix
My grandma got an Instagram...the internet is officially ruined for me
I just need someone in my life who won't complain when I make them watch Little Shop of Horrors with me
Sometimes I get inappropriately passionate about things, like the pronunciation of gif or the misuse of the font comic sans
When people subtweet dramatic things about their exes http://t.co/uJzaYYT3gk
The #Oscars commercials are better than the Super Bowl commercials
Since the music clearly isn't working #oscars http://t.co/W4xm6AuTZr
Now NPH just needs to host the Grammys and he'll be the first to EGOT with hosting
Cheering people up level: me, 1 year ago today http://t.co/tqKzzpJHJ3
Can we send Pete Delkus to Kansas? I want a snow day too
"Out of This World" cosmic bowling AGD date party! 🎳 http://t.co/P5b8tPG8nV
Just heard someone say: "You know the way Krispy Kreme doughnuts taste? That's the way his but looks" 😂
I should start counting how many of times I've listened to The Last Five Years soundtrack
Even I'm not lazy enough to take the bus two dorms over and that's saying a lot
So deep into procrastination you watch the Friday music video
Step 1: I decide to be healthy
Step 2: I eat a salad 
Step 3: I remember I wasn't born for that life 

(Repeat once a week)
When I'm driving on campus and someone is crossing the street http://t.co/G8bmg5KsAk
I'm genuinely amazed by the amount of people who think because I'm from Texas I've never seen snow before 😒
It's kind of freaky how history does really repeat itself
It's not that I necessarily have a type, it's that I tend to attract only one type
My biggest dream is for a snow day tomorrow
The nearest Raising Canes is in Lincoln, Nebraska. I think it's time for a road trip.
My Timehop is making me miss Raising Canes...I won a free box combo a year ago
Is currently eating her weight in french fries in a Goodwill dressing room
If you're 19, and have been dating for 2 years, don't get engaged. I have seen too much of that recently. You guys are idiots.
Watch The Last Five Years...Jeremy Jordan and Anna Kendrick are amazing
(That's a command)
It's weird to think how different things were this time last year
Dear Chilis waiter, 
Diet Coke and Diet Dr. Pepper are not interchangeable
Thank you for your consideration
Weird Life Confession:
When I was little I thought bangs were a genetic trait you were either born with or without
Hungover musical theatre performance...wish me luck
There is nothing worse than finding selfies you don't remember taking
