I can't stand to be around people who are non stop miserable with everything.
It's probably best I find someone to put my crib together. I don't want it to fall.
Seriously though I hate surprise visitors. If you weren't invited, don't come knocking.
I literally need to live some where that no one knows is my home.
Paige really needs to move home like tomorrow.
My dogs are my life.
I really want to go home early, but that'll never happen.
My job &lt;&lt; anyone else's.
For some odd reason I just can't tolerate anyone here lately.
Just remembered I have to work at 7 in the morning. Wahhh.
The pizza man better hurry it up. I live 2 minutes away.
My guy friend ordered me pizza &gt;&gt;
Wanted to grill out but mom thinks it's cute to not come home.
This weather is perfect.
The closer it gets to July the more I start to freak out.
It's not fair that you get to live your life the way you always have and I've had to change everything about mine.
I really wish it was warm enough to get in the pool. Hurry up Summer.
Not every wound heals.
Storms are so peaceful.
My aunt spanks her cat as punishment lmao
This will be the first year I don't get an Easter basket.
Being awake and having absolutely nothing to do, is just pointless.
Everyone is lame.
My eyebrows are out of control, it's embarrassing. &lt;&lt;&lt;
It sickens me to know that the only reason you won me over was because you were a good liar.
My gma thinks I have a baby hiding behind one since it's my generation for twins... I think she's insane.
All of my plans in life turned into nothing but dreams. &lt;&lt;&lt;
"Let go of the broken past, I'm done with looking back"
My mom woke me up out of my peaceful sleep just so I could call and order her dinner. Why was I the chosen one?
I just want a second job, but apparently that's asking too much.
Within the next few months a new journey for me will begin and honestly I'm scared to death.
I just want brownies with ice cream and fudge.
I just need someone to put my laundry in the washer, set my alarm, and carry me to my bed &amp; tuck me in.
My little squirt can go to bed anytime now. I just want to sleep without being kicked nonstop.
I really don't find it cute at all that @XoEliza_beth thinks she can just up and leave me again.
I'm so miserable from being sick.
My life is beyond stressful.
I have to put my babies crib together myself. That could end very badly.
The hurt just never stops hurting.
I really just need sleep.
My mom just told me I better have a girl or she's going to mad.
My Friday nights have turned into being home and ready for bed at 10.
At the end of the day it really doesn't matter anyway.
For dinner I had a bowl of cereal so I made both my dogs a bowl each.
I need a break from everything.
I find out my babies gender on St.Patrick's Day.
Waiting for Orr's to open is torture. The only thing I crave is the peanut butter milkshakes from there.
Pretty much going to spend my bday at home all alone like I do any other day.
Dreading work today.
Just realized my Birthday is Friday.
I hate that you pull me in and push me away at least once a week.
I'm not sure if it's me you can't wait to see when you move back or little squirt. @Paigeecoverttt
Really wish things were different.
Sleep is calling my name but so is a hundred of other things.
Anytime my baby kicks I start laughing because it's just the cutest thing ever.
I actually look forward to Monday's because that means there's a new episode of Eye Candy.
I feel like I've had the most stressful/emotional news dropped on my shoulders within a week.
Too bad you had a good girl, but you let her go for one who did nothing but screw you over.
Nothing will ever compare to the comfort I feel when I'm in my bed.
Can today be over already? I have literally done nothing but cry non stop all day.
There's so much tension in my house right now.
That moment when you have to tell your mom something scary important and she just stares at you after &lt;&lt;&lt;
If you can't act like a man then don't try and be part of a family.
I've had baby names picked out for a couple years.
Probably gonna die if I don't eat soon.
Knowing one of your best friends is miserable and unsafe in their relationship sucks because no matter what you say they stay.
I most definitely have my moms attitude.
Having a social life isn't easy when all your friends are in relationships or don't live in state.
My heart is filled with nothing but pain.
Pretty upset that I can't spend every day with you.
I really need a girls day.
I'm so addicted to watching Eye Candy but not gonna lie it freaks me out a little.
Then you might be able to consider yourself some what of a good mom.
And if you shared some of that love with your son as you do "loving" all those random men.
Too bad you don't spend as much time as you do partying with your kid.
You've had my attention since the day I met you.
I just wanna be by your side forever.
"I found a happy place, forever happy days."
The only thing I wanna do is sleeeeeep.
Officially have a license again.
Definitely should of actually did everything I had planned to do today, but the weather just sucks ass and kept me from it.
Just when you think you know a person they do something to prove you wrong.
When ever I need information I ask Paige and she does the same to me when she needs it.
My moms always in a bad mood and it's sorta annoying.
You were everything I've ever wanted till I found out you like to play games.
Over being sick all the time.
My mom has been gone for an hour. She only had to go 5 minutes down the road to get me one thing.
This nap is about to be on point.
You sorta make me want to barf.
Don't try and play a game with me that I'm better than you at.
That moment in life when you can barely walk all because you fell the other day and everyone's looking at you like your an idiot.
Every time I finally think I'm ready to move on from you something from our past comes across my path.
I want so bad to believe and trust you again.
Please actually mean everything you say.
I really need to start tanning soon.
Making changes in my life is going to be hard. Considering I'm not ready to let my feelings for you go but I know it's time.
