Same asf I hate dl games on my phone https://t.co/FXbBodaMJn
Two types of people:
The ones that got games on their phone
The ones that don't got games on their phone
Articles and articles and articles and farticles
Nepal | San Cisco
Yeah it's my fault just like everything else.
How is this my fault mom?
Whoops I have to be at school don't i ?
Brent and mason please grow up to be better than your father and I.
This is fucking stupid
My stomach is turning again
How to gain followers 101 http://t.co/JjvKahxtXW
S/o to Dominique dale Fred and nick at mcds rn y'all are chill asf
I may not have a 6 pack but I have a lot of cushion to lay on
Mrs Moore is the biggest dork
Can we have late start tomorrow too 😒😭😩
The little things are the biggest difference makers
I wish I could sing well.
I don't like the new rt 
Ya it's easier to read but it's too much space for me on my tl tbh
Same https://t.co/K7aYijsuDX
Shut up and let's go to the movies bc I haven't gone in AGES
School is almost over seniors.
When something goes wrong I literally blame myself for everything, no matter how ridiculously out of control it is.
Work it | missy Elliot
GO TO PROM W ME BITCH I LOVE U BITCH I AINT NEVER GUNNA STOP LOVIN U BITCH
But most of the time idgaf bc honey badger BITCH
I try not to display anything but utter happiness but sometimes the things I hear or the things people say really kinda hurt.
Twitter idgaf if I already said I want to say it again
I bet I've tweeted just the word whoops at least 10 times now
Whoops
Ew the grammar and punctuation sucked walnuts on that one
It's never really you regret what you did do when you're on you're death bed but all the things you DIDNT do
I know wtf right I was so mad but lunch was literally forever though so that's a plus https://t.co/f3xauFvZve
True asf https://t.co/VraH2LXgSF
Yesterday's journey stop pic http://t.co/pk4allBaUe
And there's a long line in the office for tardies like wtf youngker
I'm still not showing up until 10:47 fuck that
So they let the testers out early and school started before 9:50 and now everyone is late like wtf.
Take me back to the state conference 😭😭😭
Losing my wallet is probably karma for being a dumbass
I fucking hate losing my wallet all the damn time
Chance let me shoot his gun and I know ammo isn't cheap and lord bless that man
I just want to know at what point did I get a lump on my head
MY ELBOWS STILL HURT SO MUCH
Or those tacos
I shouldn't have eaten that cake
My dad didn't even care I took his truck yesterday and was gone for an hour
I'm eating their food 😈
Oh shit my parents aren't mad
Is that weird
Pain motivates me
What kind of consequences will I face, well only one way to find out
I FORGOT I ATE ROCKS TOO
Just dare me to do something stupid while we're at it
BUT HOW DID SYDNEYS NEIGHBOR SEE ME GET RAN OVER AND NOT CARE
Plus I suck at every pool game known to man
What a nice day
Senior ditch day included me shooting a gun, getting a tan, getting pizza, &amp; getting ran over and the neighbor seeing and going back inside
Bomb prom. Plus a crown for being king and a date who is a queen to me as any. Thank you everyone. https://t.co/p6bHvpmO58
I broke her car so it okay
JAnae fucking ran me over and it hurts
Wat
I HEARD A LOUD BANG OMG
I swear to god I'm insane.
What happened two minutes ago...
OH YEAH I HAVE COLES PICS
If my phone camera didn't eat absolute ass I would take tons of pictures all the time tbh
Idk how I feel about this avi
It took my mom over four years to realize what my neighbors custom plate meant
That tweet was all sorts of fucked up.
Nap or nap is the real question
I picked up pics for people who left them at the wig wam just find me Tuesday to claim your memories! http://t.co/WSYlU2Zrn8
My parents would love to see the pics.
Did anyone snag a vid or a pic of the royalty slow dance??!!? No? Well if you did PLS send it to me or something.
Happy anniversary ❤️ http://t.co/CyBjngILQA
I truly hope everyone is somewhere safe rn.
I love my mom so much
It's an honor to be running against you as prom king nominee. https://t.co/Ulo9AfJRo8
Smoke no fire. 
On a side note please anyone and everyone do not get behind the wheel if you are… https://t.co/u26JERBDZg
This means I have to learn to slow dance properly
I'm so honored I'm even a nominee like wow thanks guys and gals
Wait I'm a prom king nominee say WHATTTTTTT
How did I manage to nap for five hours.
And for the people that did pay attention, if you are going to drink please be sure you have a way home &amp; if not I will come to you.
For all the idiots that didn't take the prom tragedy seriously, natural selection is coming for you.
Mrs Moores flipagram literally makes me so emotional.
http://t.co/f2K3vfHFZq
Lol loser http://t.co/Tzj0i2rfcB
I fucking love youngker culinary.
Nah nvm I don't people looking at my feet THATS weird
Can I just wear sandals to school
The dress shannon picked out is the hardest thing to match
IHY shannon
