Too sober for school today.
I don't want you to save me. I want you to stand by my side as I save myself.
Slowly feeling like I'm losing myself
I'm gonna try to be okay.
"@ThislsAmazing: Friends http://t.co/ML0Sd0roBs" Jenifer Aniston has been and always be bae
Gonna warn myself now I see rock bottom coming.
I gave up all my friends for you and now I have nobody. Are you fucking happy yet
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
My boyfriend is ablying cheating bastard. That's all for today folks
Kyle might get full custody.I might be a step mom. Wow that's scary, I don't think I signed up for this
Just when I start to think everything is great
My heart shattered today. I saw my grandfather cry for the first time  but not for himself he cried for my grandmother.
Why do we spend all our time trying to get close to people? When the only real thing we have in common is death.
Its called a lunch hour fatty
You are driving me insane!
Yeah you can stop pounding when you touch you iPad . Yup thanks
And please stop breathing so loud.
Can you not talk to yourself behind me?
Sad thinking I'm the only one who made it
Screamed at 2 of my managers an 3 coworkers  today because they are immature.. Probably gonna get fired 😂but it was needed
"@ThaStonerNation: Some of my strongest friendships started with a blunt. http://t.co/SmhB7zgdu4" @AlysonGotchall
"@ThaStonerNation: Truth. http://t.co/exTm4fgktN" @AlysonGotchall  fr. my conversation every damn time
Sometimes I ask myself why I stay with you when all we do is fight. Then I think... MAKE UP SEX!!!
"@FreakyTheory: The Alternate's Death http://t.co/BSjlTj5Jzi"
All we do is fight, And take eachother for granted
You want to have options? Well baby I already have my options on speed dial.
I think I hace a very hard decision to make...
About fucking sick of the snow
Well oviously I'm not good enough for it to only be me... so I don't know why I am even trying anymore
I can't even do this anymore.
"@FreddyAmazin: ME RIGHT NOW http://t.co/YQ6QazvrcZ" @gracedcole @margauxt99 @DemiMitchek
I can't deal with any of these girls eyebrows.
Already want to go back to sleep!
Starting to feel like some things are coming together
99% of Colby are some awkward looking fuckers
Wtf. Why am I actually at a highschool event?! Wow
Why am I doing this to myself
Starting to get used to crying...
We all need help at some point in life right?
Physically you are here but mentally you aren't
Is it rude of me to ruin another relationship just so I can keep mine? Bitch you have a man
I don't even know if we are going to make it...
She has a boyfriend yet she won't leave mine alone
I shouldn't have to spell everything out to you. If I am mad you probably did something wrong and you know it so why not just stop?
You shouldn't have to ask me what I want for valentines day... Sorry
"@BanksyOfficiaI: http://t.co/8ua8uWod4e"
"@PeopIe: Everyone should RT this http://t.co/DH2twFqb7H" rn
Sorry
Done with it... Done with it all
I will be fine. I'm always fine. Right?
I fucked my way up to the top.
I'm not even sure what I want
Physically you are here but mentally you are gone
I try so hard and I am never good enough...
At least now I know my worth
If you have such a problem with her... Delete her! FUCK
Okay that's cool get mad and leave
I'm sorry kyle that I just want to hangout with you and not my fucking parents all the time
Seriously can't stand you.
Just make me a priority
I know that someday I am going to think that all of this is stupid but for right now I can think that way
It would be real nice if you would have my back... But its okay I will be just fine, no thanks to you
She wonders why I fucking hate her
This school is beyond bs
Some days I wake up and I'm fine and somedays I wake up and am on the verge of tears all day, I'm sorry
OK. Get pissed cause I don't want to tell you why I am upset. Fuck off
Sometimes it would be nice to be shown off, like your proud to be with me. I hate being ignored in a crowd
Everyday there is another lecture... And they wonder why I am never here
And its only monday ...
I have a free spirit, but they won't let me be free.
29 welts on my body so far
My dirty secrets would probably break a few people
