You could make a 3am ad over Hillary needing to kill her hunger with Taco Bell.
To be honest, Hillary going to chipotle shouldn't be a story. If she'd gone to Taco Bell, that's grounds to question her sanity.
I know when I was smashed in college I made sure to take my drunk cravings to a centrist restaurant. First thing on my mind.
Wash. Post described Taco Bell as centrist. Is centrist code for "drunk college kid?" If so then, yes, Taco Bell is the choice of centrists
I think JR Smith means Kevin Love WAS the ultimate teammate because we all know he's house shopping in LA.
Plenty of goals can be scored without fancy footwork or jaw dropping shots. Many goals are simply a matter of grit and tenacity. #RHSSoccer
Try to emulate the greats: Neymar, Ronaldo, Messi. But realize the tenacity Morris showed on that goal is also a skill #RHSSoccer
Something to take away from yesterday's #DosACero against Mexico. Check out Jordan Morris's goal: http://t.co/4m41fY7lI7 #RHSSoccer
Nothing funnier than watching FSU Twitter rise to defend (read: ignore his checkered past) Winston when legit criticism is levied at him.
This is nauseating, re: Milton Bradley's abusive history toward his late wife. http://t.co/Duq2MTIwMs
And to think when Mexico whooped us 5-0 in the 2011 Gold Cup people said we were about to enter an era of Mexico over USA dominance. 😎
Dos a cero (this tweet good for any time the U.S. National Team plays Mexico)
Does El Tri even know how to count above cero anymore?
Congrats to the Cavs on their 70th win. They got to 70, right? I was told by someone who is paid to write about the team 70 would happen.
Lalas: I can already hear the excuses piling up for El Tri
GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLL
Cavs season ends tonight. Playoffs this weekend. Wonder if that Miami douche still has me on his "Sad Cleveland fans" list.
Men in my family don't typically live past 69. My old man turns 70 today. Celebrating with a Tribe game and surprising him with Stones tics.
Any time the Indians want to end their "ah f*ck it, this at bat doesn't need to be a quality at bat" attitude, that would be great.
Not sure what's up with Carrasco. Hope it's ok. I do know if anyone can get a team through early setbacks, it's Tito.
Just saw Cookie line drive. Wish I hadn't. Hope he's ok.
RT @TonyGrossi: My career has come to this - sitting BEHIND Bone Lady &amp; Macho Fan at a #Browns event. #100yearswar.
Dan Gilbert hasn't made revealing new uniforms into a wine and gold carpet event, and he hypes everything.
This is what losing teams do, make a big deal out of things that are not a big deal. Anything to make us forget about other ineptitudes.
Surprised Marcum dfa'd. Team must think he won't be claimed. Need him for SP depth.
LRT: Lane gets it.
This is why, instead of scheduling a big, hyped, prime time TV show reveal, the Browns should've simply issued a press release.
The Brown jersey looks like a Bengals jersey, the white jersey with orange numbers looks like a U. of Tennessee jersey. Lame.
Will one of the players modeling the new unis tonight be a QB capable of getting the Browns to the postseason next year? No? I'm good then.
Man, Sean blocked me too. Two of the biggest trolls on Cleveland sports twitter don't like me.
