I know what I'm doing
you're smoking with the tridest and truest
girl you got some shit to prove
fuck it I'm driving to Cali tonight
always have way too much energy after work
someone put a system in my car
don't slow down to 35 to merge folks just don't
everyone's going to work and I'm like wassup u trying to chill
I set an alarm to wake up my roommate in 20 minutes. Looks like I dont need an alarm
kissable and quiet
all I wanna do is watch scary movies
5 am and I'm awake why
So damn fine
put me to sleep
pleased I got to see the used
Does anybody understand how much music means to me. Like
Call me a safe bet, I'm betting I'm not
None of my homies will go to skate shops with me. Why
Someone go to Freedom with me so I can get clothes
and I'll follow you into the dark
my literal idols http://t.co/1I8w1KqUbi
wish you were here // pink floyd
modest mouse please
I just love cars man
I hoard the speaker at work and blast my music. That's how this goes
wow I'm actually getting out early tonight what a fucking shocker
gunna be at work till midnight so shoot me a text
someone give me something that'll wake me up holy shit
so dazed and confused
oops I fucked that up
I see right through ya
always up later than I should be
almost scheduled a tattoo appointment on the day of the circa concert nope
damn 😕
the manager at IMAX was just like hey you can just go see fast and furious for free haha what sick
definitely going on a long as fuck drive tonight
tattoo consult today at 6, woooo
every time I lay out I'm like nah I couldn't possibly get more freckles haha wrong
so sweet, with a mean streak
cage the elephant station is my shit
on the upside it's a whopping HOT AS FUCK OUTSIDE
putting your nose in drama is so wack damn
put a bandaid on my face dermal for only a night and it's already healed from trying to reject. my skin works so well with these things
you drink about it, smoke about it, don't talk about it
I wish the Keurig had a remote so I could start my coffee from the bed.
I'm a fuckin vegetable
I think I saw you in my dreams, darling
time takes a toll on us, this changes everything
so thankful for a quiet night on my couch
stay sleepin when you're alive in the dreams
I woke up to a half eaten fortune cookie next to my face. Nap well done
I'm in tip top shape and my roommates are fucking destroyed hahah how is this so
missin you to death
Oh fuck
I'm so picky about my Chinese because it's never spicy enough
Because I'm inspired by u  https://t.co/YOtjekN97H
yo http://t.co/1l5zL0sH3K
What's good
I could rewatch parks and rec forever
I actually wanna see Fast 7
powerade before and after bed means no hang over, always. it's science
damn I woke up and realized it was a Friday. can I go back to bed
My roommate: "bread expires?" Hahahhahahaha
Bummer dog
Stop hatin on everyone girl, chill
I'm watching despicable me with my roommates and making dinner. We've turned into middle aged moms
my homie frank was wearing a coheed and cambria shirt and I told him I loved it and so he washed it and gave it to me. fuck yeah for friends
anyone still jam to Bayside like I do? ok
damn I miss how my mustang drove, sad
tattoos on my forearm need to be redone so bad but fuck it I'm starting other shit first
Anyways I'm home early I'm doing something
Fuckin OUCH
Kid I work with offered washing my car for five bucks. No dude I actually like washing my car.
skrewed &amp; disconnected
will you come home and stop this pain tonight
won't you think I'm pretty when I'm standing top the bright lit city
THERE IS NO CLOSURE, BITCH
and other various things
come to my place and lezzzzdrinkkkkk
tattoo consult next week, and hair appointment the next see ya skin and hair
Always up late as fuck
Old habits die hard
Thizzin
Never fear folks I found my way out
I'm a different kind of lost now
Fuck Augusta ranch I'm lost
Lost man
So glad I live near Tempe
Parking lots on signal butte are the worst thing to happen EVER god damn architects were fools
cool that one of my bestfriends loves Circa enough to get Decensus immediately, sucks cause that was gunna be your damn bday present. Bitch
the difference between medicine and poison is in the dose
Damn why did I just sleep for 3 hours
All I remember is us raising hell, I'll miss you
