I love supporting my girl
Probably should have it reproduce  https://t.co/E47PR3HwL7
Excited for PG to be back Better than ever. And our lottery pick
Finally saving paycheck a for my checking so I can have some fun this summer
We are a Paul George away. That's all
I mean john wall can never beat us. But he sure wears us out for the next team. 2nd straight year lol
Marc gasol&gt; MJ
I'm depressed. Goodnight.  See you next your on Halloween
This is why sports center is terrible. He wasn't carted off  https://t.co/pnSUIpyFIc
Paul will be back a superstar. Game #1 next year
Paul's fine. That's all that matters for our future.  He cramped.   Lebrons had it several times
It makes you sad when they go out like this if it is the end. Like if team USA thing never happens. And George hill was health all year
Stuckey is a ball stopper lately. Don't. Like it one bit
🙀😲😮 https://t.co/MOvEuXMhnC
This town loves Paul George even more now. Excited for superstar PG to return someday very soon
I LOVE this ream no matter what happens
Good look for PG. he still hit a big show this will be huge if pacers somehow make the playoffs
It's PG13 time
75 percent of Paul George is the pacers best player
Leaving a Superstar you're paying 18 million dollars on the bench is inexcusable. He wanted to play all of March. LET HIM PLAY
Why are we running contested lobs?
Man I wish we would have got the rebound and last second shot for Paul
VOGEL 15 minutes and 31 seconds won't hurt him
Put Paul in
You have to keep Paul George in
Let's go pacers
I'll always love @HEYitsHaydock
I think I finally found Hannah's present
Bad day
NO MORE BAGS AT CREW SOON
This is a big decision
People doubting PG will just fuel him.
I never thought that highly of CJ miles.  Then he came here.  He loves the game. He's a good level headed guy.  Great shooter. Great signing
I'm excited to Hannah's bday
When you're famous http://t.co/5EnuZuUiwt
Dillon Panthers just won state.
Fast and furious is a great series. I doubt everyone seeing the 7th one have seen the first 6
I have a crazy amount of love for my girlfriend my friends my family and sports.
Real men can admit it
Girls make the world go round
My summer. I'm so excited
Love me and @big_daddy202 are getting close again 😀
So content with life.
So hype for my brother to be home in like 3 weeks. @babybrybry23
Kawhi jump shot is a joke compared to Paul George. Even the Paul playing now
Let's sit kyrie and John wall. Cool
EXCITED FOR HANNAH TO BE IN A. Magazine
More love less hate in my life
Great job to all HV and FC singers seniors. Never was a Showchoir guy. But you guys made me one. Congrats to all of you!
I'll never be like that.
My pet peeve is when people don't reply. Like I'm trying to get a shift covered. If not at least reply.
Hype for my dude @emraek to come back to crew!
Life's short.  Time to start living that way just a little bit more
BRING FLO JOS BACK FULL TIME
Someone go to escapades with me
Paul George will come back an All NBA Player next year
Missing class to do a project for that class. 😓
Time flies honestly.  Like Hannah's about to graduate.
Time to be strong.   Finish strong!
Excited to see Hannah's last performance
Let's go Pistons!
Who wants to hoop?
Why do girls take forever to drive?
This business project is dumb
People are so ignorant to how great Paul George really was and will be
Excited for all my friends to be home soon!
There are 3 givens in life.  Death, taxes, and UConn women's basketball team winning the championship.
Time to care about people again
If anyone needs advice im here 😊
.  Send me emoji DMs. And I'll tell you what I think 😃
So blah last few weeks. Need to be happy. 😊.
When you work at crew carwash nothing is hyper than this http://t.co/IRbcxbqBIk
I feel so bad for you.
I love history and sports history
Being mentally strong is more important than physically strong
Excited to see Hannah's last performance!
Hype for this game
It's about time @babybrybry23 watches fnl
