I quote Run the Jewels songs in everyday conversations and people actually think I'm psychotic.
I WANT PANCAKES
When I grow up I want to be Rob Lowe
Ok so I'm watching House and the camera just zoomed in on a framed pic of Stephen Colbert in the middle of the episode???? Hmmmm
Getting drunk off of $4.99 wine is the way to live life tbh
tfw u wanna work out and get a hot bod but u r currently running on &lt;4 hrs of sleep each night and u live a very unhealthy lifestyle lol
"It's Saturday! We got a job! We ain't got shit to do! I think I'm gonna get high today."
-quote from one of my co-workers
I just ate so much Chipotle that I am experiencing physical pain and I am also so happy about it
Red Forman is all I strive to be in life.
I haven't slept in days I apologize for this brash behaviour #obamacare
Will the real anti-Christ please stand up
More like #obamacares because idk he seems pretty caring
You gotta be a ho to get best in show -bill o Riley #obamaacare
I will name my first so Tom-Dick Harry Kerkhoff if I get a good grade on this muscular system test.
and I also smell so much like a cadaver it is dizzying
My brain has been fried by the learning of my own anatomy. I have seen death. I am death.
(did u kno u have 20 muscles in ur forearm alone?)
Like all I want is for my TA to luv me. Not think I'm some wacky Lil Jon loving weirdo smh (all tho I do love Lil Jon tbh)
My hot n sexi TA heard me whisper "I would b studying much harder if Lil Jon was here" under my breath in class today FUK I'm so embarrassed
rt if I should skip cla$$ lol
Jessica Williams for the Daily Show 2k15
#TheDailyShow
The skeletal system is officially my bitch. #killedit
Anatomy practical in 2 hours. RIP.
"I wanna do what I wanna do. Watch TV and eat SUCKING lollipops!"
you know you've hit a new kind of boredom  when you're listening to Gasolina by Daddy Yankee while knitting a scarf
When a bitch gets too close to ur man http://t.co/M1uOFK1Jef
I woke up to Waka Flocka this morning and it got me so hype so u cant blame me for listening to him all day
I rlly need to stop listening to Waka Flocka Flame in my room... My floormates r startin to talk shit :/
"I don't want to watch Sons of Anarchy, I want to watch Black is the New Orange!"

-my dad yelling at my mom
"Ur snapchats are uglier than 2011!"

- @k_kilr to me :(
Tbh pussy is my favourite word
"On the 7th day, God rested. And on the 8th day, God created the Big Banana."

-Dad Kerkhoff
Only one of my ass cheeks got burned and I'm pissed because now my tan will be messed up.
This pear is sexier than me http://t.co/4qTY5LXXDa
Just was so drunk, I poured chemicals in my eyes. It felt so good! ❤️❤️❤️ #MerryChristmas
I'm like an elephant, ok. If I walk into a room, it's like, ok he's in there.
When the next season of Criminal Minds gonna be on Netflix? This is really important. I don't know what to do with my time now.
What is this 🍠? An acorn? A YAM?!?!
WHt U NEVA SEEN A TIDDY B4 GROW THE FUK UP FUCCBOIS SRSLY A PUSSY AINT NO BIG DEAL
Stuck in the middle of I-70 with a flat tire. Waiting for a sexy technician to show up to fix it and sweep me off my feet.
Do the bags under my eyes make me look good? Like a sexy, undead zombie maybe?
Agent Morgan: "hey Rossi what's up"
Agent Rossi: "only the sun. I love the sun."
Criminal Minds is SO funny.
Snoop Dog is a beautiful person.
Everyone is dressing up as this emoji 👯 for Halloween. In my opinion, this one 🌚 is better.
I trapped 2 bugs under 2 cups and I am patiently awaiting their deaths.
I once started crying during a Criminal Minds bc JJ left, even though I know she would be back in a later episode
Blue is the Warmest Colour is messing with my sexuality and my emotions.
Agent Morgan- "when was the last time it rained out here?"
Agent Rossi- "do I look like a weatherman to you?"
I love Criminal Minds humour.
im feeling stabby
waking up with multiple tootsie rolls and having done the worm the night before... HELLO!
fuk ya'll for making my liam sonke tweet one of my most popular. I'm a cool and sexy person. Like my other tweets plz
eating mini potatoes. feeling like a sweaty goddess.
I just watched a video that made me sad and I think it gave me diarrhea ??
Wen ur walking thru the mall and u feel someone watchin u and u turn around and its liam sonke &lt;3 @imaniscks
No Thanksgiving next year because Ice-T poisoned half of America...
y is Nick Jonas grabbin his dick in all these pics? ya we kno its there, calm down.
the geico lizard &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
tbt 2 that time my aunt kept shoving a pic of mushrooms that looked like penises in my face. "I GET IT AUNT, U CAN STOP SHOWING ME THEM NOW"
This Criminal Minds is gettin' IN-TENSE!
some girls down the hall from me r watching Seinfeld w their door WIDE OPEN but im 2 scared to go and watch with them
the girls in the room nxt 2 me h8 me bc they think I have men over 2 my room evryday, but really its just podcasts playing over my speakers
Its literally 40 degrees out &amp;these bitches r still wearing booty shorts &amp;tanks. Ive got 5 layers on &amp;my nips r so hard they could cut glass
There's is someone blaring screamo on my floor. Ummmm, can I join?
