Fletcher just drank this like it was a shot..... http://t.co/Jwao9mo0Xf
Christ Conscious is the illest fucking song.
When the loud ain't makin any noise. http://t.co/LHxv2IpiN6
I need an honor roll for this shit.
One more day of shit internet then Comcast comes to fix their fuck up.
But we gon be alright.
I know that feel.  https://t.co/DDoztFSi4B
Staying up late to play video games with @CoopLion13. #friendship
America http://t.co/YII2j3fZHt
#carnivorelyfe
Like I'm definitely tryna eat a panda one time.  Just cause.
I know I'm fucked up for this buuuut... when animals go extinct I'm always wondering wishing I could have eaten them once.
I'm sorry bout all the retweets but not that sorry. #DosaCero #USMNT
Today has been the best of days.
I am so happy inside. http://t.co/f6lrrUAwWa
I can't explain how good it feels to see the USMNT playing good soccer again and winning a game with a clean sheet.
I'm getting Dos a Cero tattooed on my fucking forehead.
FUCK YES THEY GOT A SHUTOUT FINALLY!
MY BOY BRAD ON THE FIELD.  @SoundersFC  OUT IN FORCE TONIGHT!
This is the longest eleven minutes of my life.
It feels so good to see the US playing good soccer again!
JUAN AGUDELO!  DOS A CERO!!!
Ok US is up a goal any other team and I'd still feel a little safe with that lead.... gonna be a tense 25 mins.
S/O to Brek Shea for having the weirdest pony tail on the field.
Yyyyyyyeeeeaaaah https://t.co/ZY6zFol30d
YYYYAAAASSSS JORDAN MORRIS!  Repping Seattle putting the US on the board!
I still get a little nervous when WSU calls my house.  Like they're going to tell mu parents I have bad grades or something.
USA v. Mexico is my favorite sports rivalry.  Close second, Sounders v. Timbers.
This is the best I've seen the US play in a while.  But it's only been 20 minutes.
S/O to Jordan Morris and DeAndre Yedlin, two Sounders homegrown players straight out of Seattle representing the US tonight.
The more Fletcher annoys me the more creative my ways of wishing death upon him become.
Facebook ranting is always fun when you're about to lose your shit.
Watching Fletcher play Walking Dead is the best.  He gets so into it.
I hope Fletcher gets West Nile. http://t.co/tKOWBYyPuD
It's a wonderful feeling knowing that everytime I give Fredy Montero the ball with his back to goal it's in.
Upside, I got my mini Manuel Neuer from my youth squad on the senior team.  He's going to be an 89-94 when he's grown.
All my tweets have been about playing FIFA.  I have a problem.
Going back to my unstoppable Sounders.
Reasons I hate coaching Arsenal:
1. I have no clue who anyone is
2. Weird BPL formations
3. Don't care
King Fuckboi taking Arsenal to the top. http://t.co/bCNcz84GGM
I'm put here tryna get Ronaldo to come back to BPL.
Starting a new FIFA career so I can have a team with buying power.  I love my Sounders but I can't get anyone big to transfer.
A$AP Rocky and Danny Brown Back and Forth is the best interview of all time.
Hitting that new @BodegaBAMZ album.  #beastcoast
It sounds like he actually tried.
I wasn't fucking with Tyler's music until this new album.  It's actually pretty dope.
I'm good for about 3 or 4 out of ten.  https://t.co/aPyKlZg03G
Dogs over cats everyday of every week of every month of every year for all eternity.
When Zealots of Stockholm drops and you can't even. https://t.co/jkxqaBraKJ
Aw yes I have rid myself of sickness and am finally able to get back in the gym.  Praise be to our Lord and Savior Yeezus.
Trailer Park Boys is sp fucking stupid.  But in that stupidity lies true genius.
What's the point in tinder moments if it's not to send mass dick pics?
WHY THE FUCK ISN'T IT JULY 12TH. I just wanna go to J. Cole/Big Sean/YG already.
The extended version of Paradise by Big Sean is fire.
Giving the new Ludacris album a listen.
"@CassieAdley: Just a tiny splash of fuckboy" I got the tsunami.
Ecuador v. Brazil quarterfinal.  #GRINDING
Raised Seattle a whole star.  We're the fucking dopest.  Like I could take Real Madrid with this squad. http://t.co/JIRMWM0DbH
"@glswenson: @CBurps And a belt that matches those shoes." Haha Garrett the fashionista
My goal for the day, win the World Cup with Ecuador.
Need to stop spending money so I can buy a fancy as fuck suit.
Like you can catch anyone yelling "running through the six with my woes!  You know how that shit go."
Know Yourself by Drake might have the most catchy hook I've heard in years.
I want to be dead.
My brain feels like it's trying to squeeze itself out of my eyeball.
I watch garbage television before I go to bed.  It relaxes me.
I'll give Seattle this, they've played five VERY different games this season, making it difficult to judge the trajectory of this season.
Welp.  I can't say that wasn't fair.  LA capitalized on Seattle's mistake and Penedo had a crazy day in goal. GG LA.
This ref is sucking off every LA player who falls down.  Like he's blown playd dead for "injury" on players who were FINE.
Mystified as to why the Dylan Remick has been Seattle's LB.  Like is Gonzalez injured or twat?
Fletcher thinks it's funny when I'm mad about something to take pictures and laugh. http://t.co/LJsB8NbUad
Penedo is playing out of his fucking mind and I'm not pleased with it.
Good half aside from the one mistake leading to the goal.  Seattle has the chances.
Time to fight back.  One mistake is all it takes.
Ummm or nah.
Awesome pressure from Seattle so far.
Not even lowkey, and in a totally straight way, in love with Brad Evans.
"@LIVESounders: Other scores from around the league today:

Portland lost." Second most important result of the week.
Gg Orlando.
Ayyy Kaka puts the game away on a penalty retake.
Donovan Ricketts is still the dopest.  That wingspan.
Bad grammar. *are the absolute shit refs.
The biggest thing holding the #MLS back from being a top league is the absolute shit refs.
Only players on the Timbers I respect, Asprilla and Adi.
Also Liam Ridgewell.  And Nat Borchers.
Reasons to not like the Timbers:
-Maxi Urruti
-constantly have players on the ground complaining
GOT tonight.  So stoked.
A special note for all the bad drivers out there. 
With love,
Bole Curpee and Qletcher Fuade https://t.co/aUQpQZnTWo
One week from today I will be in Pullman.  That means finish your homework bitches so we can rage.
You would think a program called Photoshop would make it way easier to import photos.  #clusterfuck
Also peep the T-Rex sweater.  Killing the game young.
You ever just look at your kid pictures and be like, "wtf happened?" http://t.co/FRHMTHYGrJ
If I didn't need sleep to live I'd spend all night listening to hip-hop and playing FIFA, having absolutely no regrets.
Made it through the group stage of the World Cup.  FIFA is life bruh.
"@brdy94: Call me Jupiter"  Call me Uranus  #adulthood
Just ran into a closed door.  #kingshit
If at the beginning of being sick I could choose between getting kicked in the testicles once or being congested for days, I take the kick.
TFW you have an idea but scripting is so tedious. http://t.co/RreAdd9gwg
Louis C.K. is the master of self-depreciating humor.
It'd be really cool to hear English as a non speaker.  I bet it sounds weird as fuck.
Have the sinking feeling that I will grow up to be Louis C.K.
The only thing Harden has over Curry is the ability to take a dive comparable to an Olympian.
Seriously @NBA don't test me.  Curry over Harden or I self-mutilate.  THAT'S A PROMISE.
If James Harden wins MVP over Steph Curry I will cut my hands off and shove them so far up my own ass.  But that's just me...
I'm a fucking weirdo on snapchat.  #AppreciateTheGenius
"@TessaXL: My mom is currently vacuuming my room #TYBG" #grownshit
Y'all be abusing the location feature on instagram.  "With mah bitches" isn't a place.
Being a pinch runner in baseball has to be the easiest job ever.  You get paid to run 90 feet in a straight line once or twice a game tops.
It's a good thing I don't have a concealed carry.  I got stuck behind two people on 503 who I would have gladly put out of their misery.
Jeff is being the biggest fuckboi over Game of Thrones rn.
The strategy of trying to lift the sickness away is not proving successful.  All I'm getting is a shitty workout.
The two worst cold symptoms, congestion and cough.  What do I have?  Congestion and cough.
Also S/O to my producer for this jacket. http://t.co/xW53b3Tgsw
S/O to the guy in front of me at the drive thru who payed for my breakfast!
Found something worse than "treasure"
"Ayo girl lemme get dat garbage hole." #disgusting
Just gave myself whiplash by sneezing.  #SwagLawd
Actually wish I was sicker so I could call in sick.  Morning sucks.
Put my retainer in for the first time in weeks.  The pain is real, mistakes were made.
Hey guys four months and twenty days until I'm 21.
Honestly so lost as to how exactly Nancy Grace is on TV..... even more so on a "news" network.
I just want to be Brad Evans.  The dude won at life.
Can't wait for the new season of Game of Thrones.  Hoping for Danearys to be dead by episode three.
As someone who played baseball gor eight years, I find it impossible to watch entire game unless I'm at the game or it's postseason.
#finishyopants
I wonder if anyone has considered the possibility that someone saying, "I'm in love with the coco."  Was actually a cry for help.
Hey man like anytime Blazers wanna stop getting injured I'm totally cool with that.
So like these Golden State characters aren't going to the playoffs right?  Like we won't be seeing them again pls.
Orange juice is a bad choice when combined with a sore throat.  But vitamin C so....
"@DougBaldwinJr: A good woman can make you a better man." And a bad one can make you shittier.  You reflect who you're surrounded by. #crazy
LaMarcus Aldridge is basketball.
Girls are in fact crazy. http://t.co/g0ZdjREnEF
Shit like this will always and forever get the #thirst stamp slapped on it. http://t.co/W0yeiHCXLX
